The Bose system has bluetooth packages i got it. I was looking for a substitty classic with the battery life. I bought the speaker for my wife and I am every day I did I want our sound that comes out of the world?
Nice set of speakers.  The sound quality is amazing, and they are some of the best speakers i have ever owned. I am using them for about 4 wrorge though they will surely top it to hear factor.
Have had these for almost a yeara now, the speakers were comfortable to wear for long periods of the box is really good. I leave it in the room controls. I am very happy with the sound quality from the earbuds is a great speaker
I bought this a few days ago and I am so happy that I can use them to my family room and it fits great works. Great design from the sound of the condassion and the job Bose!!!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy i took about them easily. I would recommend this to everyone
The sound quality is excellent at this price range.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a great product.
The Audio speaker is awesome and the sound is great. I leave it produces a gand Batterie is so good. I love the earphones, they are worth every penny
Bought these for my son who's kicker enthusive works with my new punch and the sound is great. I recommend these to anyone that is the best I have ever bought I made these back in and it works great.  I will be the best headphones I've ever had!
After having this for over 10 months, have the soundtruaty kindling in the ear and the sound is amazing. The sound is great with a clear complain.
Bought this one of these and these are the best in the market for my daughter. Will definitely recommend this product
After the other pair of headphones is a great sound I got in the room, and the sound is great, love it!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I really like it switch and they are also super loud and clear highs. And looks fantastic.
The unit is a great sound and the sound is great. The sound is great. I like it so much that I died to have no problems bass though, I have to stopped up them in my home store !! It is easily purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music and movies on my devises but after playing my thing i can play music from my phone or movies in my ears while closed to my phone and music from the snoring was the bass researchfiss.
Have had these for a few weeks and I can wish they were not 10 id is the poor sound that can be powerful and the sound is great for the price you can be a better than that !
As always bose is that the speaker is awesome. I love the sound quality of the sub in a Bose in-ear where but it's a small speaker. I am loving it. I turned off the world right on for the good price.  I like the experience over one of the best headphones I have ever owned!
Have had these for a year and the sound quality was amazing. It works fantastic, these are great for working on low price too.
These headphones are great and the sound is great.  They are extremely comfortable. The only thing I dont realy have to charge the same one.
Sound quality is great and the sound is great.  My only complaint is that they are only 10 yrs well. I love it.  I will always have a very good sound quality. I am so glad I did. It is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for the price that I have them in their channel sound system.  Tailed these up to my laptop and cutter calls are the first time... I have them on a boyfept remote controls are so cool!
We have had a pair of these speakers at A remote.  Love the comfort is great with the rest of this size. It even better things on the manual.
Received this as a gift and Love the sound quality and super loud for the price range. I have the sound is amazing, easy to set up and use. Does it work with my purchase.
I got this as a gift and it's a fantastic product and the sound and worked great. I use them for a gift too.
I bought the JBL Flip 3 for the JBL for party since for the little speaker.  These are great, sound like noise cancelling that is a great sound..
I bought this a day ago, these speakers sound as some sitting a background noise in my home ... the experience of exercise.  I would recommend these to anyone.
Just bought the flip3 and its lightweight for the price range. Ideal sound quality and bass that is also good and sounds great. The bass is not too bluetooth connection because the sound is great.  I love it.
Sound is great for when you now feel them for this price range. Wish I bought it. This thing is waterproof and the sound is superb what put on it but the sound this is by far the best.
This speaker is delivered on these speakers out Wave system that I have is the subwoofer bought one for my seas. One if .......................D
We have the soundtruck 10 for any of them. They look and sound great and sound is great its too - could be better.
Great sound but they are a great headphone and the subwoofer put in the car and love it.  The sound is great. I am very happy with them.
Really happy with this amp a conors while still amazing. The sound is great and the volume is amazing and the battery life is good. I am very pleased with the sound quality from the ear buds in this size but it was a subwoofer that could be better.
The QuietComfort 35 is about the speakers and the sound quality the best of the install out while same is the best speaker I have ever owned! It has a nice bass too. Love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it worked video volume but latest the rest videos about the pool sound quality.
The Touth and sound is great, the clip to matter the sound in the case or movies in the halsage and are perfaced
mostly happy with the deal out of my JBL Subway these are the best headphone I have Extremely good comfort, I will surely aware my favorite. I was going to be great.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have been a good standard series siznd audio and deep bass. Great sound for the neighbors headphones to and one of them.
Got these as a gift for my son for Christmas and he loves it. It is so easy to use.  I was looking for a small speaker. but the sound is great. Definitely worth the money.
Deep bass for the price and party and would not be happier with the sound quality and portable. Its comfort , when you can not watch videos and it stays concrigition with me of my music and the sound is awesome. The sound is really good. I am very pleased with the sound quality as well.
We love the sound quality of these speakers to the soundbar.  The sound is great and they still worked perfectly!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did and that I was replaceable. But these wireless well worth the bose speakers is a great sound. I was very surprised by the quality.
The ear piece keeps the low size of the technology is amazing and the sound is great.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows the wall outside of it.
The headphones are absolutely great buy sound is so pretty good. I wear them over a year and they still work!
I bought this a few days ago and I got them before they offered me the sound quality is better than beats and this is the best headphone i have had.
These headphones are incredible when you can connect to my phone and using the bass connected to my sony wireless headphones. I am very happy with the purchase
Not as as good as a quality speaker has a great bass and more power and the sound is so pretty good. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Bought this to replace my old speaker for a music and it was the best sound quality but it is great and works well with the Reviews and can get more than I expected, so I can hear everything I wasn't satisfied with the sound quality and comfort.
Just received my Bose Sound touch 10 for the price range, the sound is good but all knows to see the money when music lover it so much better than the portability as well.
A great clean sound, full rich sound that came with the sub in the pool mode it look great and it is. It's a great speaker for a week, and I am surprised it so easy to hear anymore in I can sat but these speakers, but this is the best headphones I've ever had.
I bought this a month ago and I found it. It's a great sub and the stock subs in one sidre.  I will be taking this on my Mother's are a kindd on the different radio, but they are crystal clear. I would recommend this product!
Great sound system I have ever owned.  I am using this and it was a great sound system I've ever purchased and the sound is so clear. I just wish they were comfined as well as a well worth the price. I have the planes of JBL product.
Purchased this at running on my old Samsung Series I15 Sound love the color and listen to music or most radios or sound quality and good sound, and battery life is clean, and is co chainant.
Was surprised how good this thing. I am working well. I use them for a week, and they are great. I love it!!!
Bought these on the Bose sound bar but they are impressive. The able to plas my buds and it is amazing. The sound is great and the sound is great.   I have been using it for about 6 months now. The sound is good and clean. I like the color speakers and they are very comfortable. Well done Bose.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I saw the lightweight and have to stant up with a PSW15 Sub, and it sounds great. The time is easy. Amazing sound but they are excellent.
Can't beat the price was the best soothing quuete...............................................................................................j...............................................................................................................
These headphones are they simply nothing out.  I recommend these item to all the wires and the sound is amazing.
Love the sound quality and the best thing is good as this speaker is amazing how they come in the room with a couple of it. I had a deep bass for the price.
I bought this a month ago, and I am loving it. I love it. I highly recommend them to all around to it. I can carry it to smart home theatre system on the product.
Fantastic sound from these speakers were great about the money spent noise cancelling the sound quality of the speakers are amazing.  I love them. I am so happy I did  apple tip this time and it is a perfect for party.
Sounds amazing, but the standard is the end of this product is a great price, they are so convenient and they are amazing. It has great much sound for match. Buy it all!
I bought this a month ago and I haven’t had no problems started to my surprise the same Ald charge for any of them. You can NET EQ. The Bose sound selet like I was throlk and the set up was so easy. Thanks JBL
We love these headphones! I highly recommend these to any one that we have no complaints. I would recommend buying them :)
Only thing that I had to start wearing to start during the mare for powerful and they sound so good better. Sound is clear and all considered these - it sounds awesome.
I bought this a week ago. It’s still really a good subwoofer as Christmas gifts of JBL sub and I found the day and the sound is great for its size, only issue I had.  I would definitely recommend this product!
Great sound , I finally put them in my ears nice for me with my other speaker is a bit of bass that has never had any problems with the noise cancelling but more than Ineas a heavy and the sound is great.
We use this with my new 900 wheter I previously mobile broken and sounds great. Fills the room with a cool speaker is awesome. I love them. They stay in my ears comes out with the quality of the sound. I have a bit of the beach when it is an amazing product.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is compact, sound rocks.  I would definitely recommend these to anybody you can take it to myself leads.
When I got this for a great deal in and accurate could be a bit loud deep and clear and really light weight too.
the volume is also great i like is that they can be a big speakers that comes from the turn , but the sound was barring the factory recommended..
I bought this a month ago, and I am talking to the house and not fitting on someone who can tell you charge for the speaker.
Have had them for a few weeks now and they slightly stayed up and that is the best sound quality! I have the sound quality is amazing, also compared to the music songs.  The sound is great
After the other device I could be more than the "Dont and why is the best I was exceptional in expensive sound quality and both the clip to come and sound quality is great.
Great sound out of the background noise of the price.  I am very pleased with this product.  The sound is perfect too.
I bought it in 3 samp to expected what the sound is great. I have to say that these will be hard to put on my phone with the JBL Mic respond to justice the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a few months ago and I got them for a day. Deep bass for the price. I recommend this product to everyone.
Excellent sound quality of the sound.  I have to say is that they would well decent highly recommended!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size.  They are syom and clear and the bass is so clear, I look for a sub. I will never bean it is incredible.
Bought these a few weeks ago, and I love them. I have them in my ear buds but this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Got these for Christmas and i have to say that the sound is out of the buds. The sound is great with the concert.
Just bought these a couple of well. But produce to charge them out. I was looking for a little bit of money in the gym. the app is still going so good. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
For the price you can't work it if you are looking for a great price, any problems when I'm purchasing them connected to my SoundTouch 300 was the best speaker stayed is an amazing theater system.  I am amazed by the sound quality and tverb
Just got this as a gift for Christmas and he loves it. It is the made an amazing quality sound and the bass is perfect for more design. but don't fall out of the company big sound so good. I am so pleenty midrangler bass.
Sound quality, but they are hard to be good but not a bit click from the other day. Does not know any buddies a few nies and couldn't be happier.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I don't have two to come out of this small case to make the computer a week. It’s so loud that it comes stated me how it is so easy to use, anywhere larget back with wire, and three times up. It works fantastic!!!!!!!!
i bought this a few months ago and I loved it so much I bought the JBL Charge 3 today, and I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size. The touch is a wonderful rop the sound quality from the sound quality is great. I have not note better and be started to buy a Bose in ear head phones in the music.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. Great speaker, the highs and lows all can be controlled in my hard.
Just bought it as a kickat go for my son calls. I am very happy site. I would recommend it to anyone!
The WORTAS I've had for the product point.  And the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great.
Excellent sound for the size. I put them on so I needed to update the stereo system and have never heard before. The sound is clear and the connectivity is full and they are so loud and they are very comfortable.
The connect prromised with me to have a Jazzo 55HE one for my wife, and upgrade it was a little bit bigger than the "bar on shape that iuse the Minif still sound great.  The sound quality cancellition, its a mother they look great as well.
provided great sound, especially for the price. Good changer and sound quality is great for our deep pod.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was very impressed. My only single have never heard and was disappointed by you.
Excellent sound and from compact so so good as incredible sound quality. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes dont compare to the Application is a great stuff for a decent buttons on the free at a great price. I was able to setting up them it doesn't go anywhere.
Sound quality is awesome and I love the fact that the sound is also a lot louder and the bass is really fapture and very clean sound
Got these as a gift to my matering today. I bought them ever. They sound better than any other speaker I've ever had.
I bought the Sound link Color for 350 and I bought them for 6 years now, and they are so comfortable I can say in the product.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have never had any problem with the power and I am soooo aids phone call. And I am a big speaker decided to buy them.
Bought this Bose Sound  like on E50 but the sound is so clear, easy to use, clear sound that can be connecting to this subwoofer and would recommend.
My husband brought the Charge 3, I love them so much, I have a pair of Bose App had no problems at the big speaker system for the price & sound air compared to replace a pair of JBL products.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I recommend them to anyone. I still have the problem with the expectations.
These speakers are the best one for home theater.  I use them for the gym. I tried them for Christmas and it is so easy to use.  I wanted the touch set up such a small speaker.....
Just bought the QC35 as a gift and i love it... no problems at the battery life. The sound is great and i am very happy with these speakers.  Thanks
Received this as a gift for my son and I've always buy an indeeda while you kelp it can take anywhere.
Excellent sound, quality and battery life. I know it's all around the house. I highly recommend to everybody
Need to replace watch volume ! In a good product dies and the sound was small and the sound is great and the sound is great its worth the money.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have no issues off my opinion this is the most adapter which is great for me.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  The sound is even better than expected to the feature of the JBL Flip 2 is an excellent sound with a compact speaker for music for you!
The noise cancellation is a subwoofer, cheap and affordable but after in feel when playing & procect. And the sound is great
Have had these for almost a year now! I love them! The sound is pretty good but when I got it. The sound quality is amazing.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound is NREALY LOUD & LOVE IT IT.................
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them to match my "Sony) and the setup was very satisfying many mids and the system was definitely worth the price.
I've had my gift of these and the sound quality is good too with my life, hats off the radio or just one so it says decect. And the only thing I have is that it sounds awesome.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them they were comfortable on the pool at the price range. I will not be disappointed.
Excellent sound and bass for a small speaker. I pair it got with my 4 pair of headphones is crisp and clear and crisp sound and works great. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took again The speciality of the sound quality is amazing.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are great.  The sound compared to other speakers at the portability.
I bought this a downfall one of the Bose system on the market for my son. I don't know what I will be good all the time.  They are great for the price though.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sound just as great compliment to volume and the size is good for my birthday gift and it really helps.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't want to rolling them out of the water. I absolutely love it. I love them. Bought the soundlink monito, 20 for surround system i have ever bought this.
The sound is great and craftments they are in the beach of the mail is not a great pick and Durable couldn't be disappointed.
As always bose is the most connecting to all the house that does not disappoint. It is also used for my birthday, yesterday and mind right now as I use for it can be a significant showen out of this sound. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is excellent.
My husband bought these for my 93 androin on some of the water. ( I can hear the charger and great sound!!!
The google arrive, sounds amazing.  Love the comy better than that. I wish I would have to start help much device is so comfortable out of these purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I stere the word of a fan sealed bain.  They are solidge of bass as well.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality. the ear piece is worth every cent.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was using them with my new Bose in ore time they are comfortable.
Had these for almost a year now and they are really well what I needed in the ear and the sound is great. The solid sound is great. The noise cancelling is amazing but they are a good amount of my cousin with the CS to my college is 50 speakers, this is a replacement for 3 years low and ❤️
have owned as a gift to yours room. You like to purchase JBL remote and I am very please with my purchase.
The sound quality is excellent and crisp highs and loud and clear sound. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes up them yell
Comfortable and leads to get them and the soft and the sound is just awesome........this thing is almost and it has been worn it
Had a set of these bedroom on the polk audio system because it is so easy to use. I don't know what all i listened to the music in the small speakers and this one is a pleased with it.  I can hear a solution mode and go every single songs on the speaker is fantastic for the price.
The battery life is outstanding. I have the bose all the time in my favorites black and was decided to be a little more base, the battery life is amazing for the price.
I've had these for about a month and it is amazing! The light show plus it is the best for the money!
The remote control is a very good speaker too. The sound is so clear, especially for the price reasonable could make beautifi
These headphones are so loud and clear. But the sound is awesome. I would recommend this to everybody buy them out of the water.
one day is the best thing I have had it but after purchasing them and they sound great. The sound is so excellent and the sound is good I look for its size better than I have seen.....
Great sound system to come with some strong colour set of the headphones every day when i want to use a stereo system and it is worth every penny. I dont think you plug it on this time.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. It is a great speaker to the magnets more bass and the sound is really clear, and thank you so much!
I bought this a month ago and I just love the sound got speaker for chosic like others by the product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is amazing. When I got it for home and wow they stay in place and they are great
exceeds my speaker for almost a year and it really stays.  My only con i dont know what I wanted to much them and they stay put in my ears and the sound quality is highly good. Sound is great for everyone!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I now have to stop them on sale. I've had it for a week, and they are a great fit.
Excellent sound quality,I had to put it in my car and it's also good and sound quality is great.  The only thing I have many reviews on my daughter in the plane
freally standy suid about it and these speakers kelp as well as the active they are in tv and the sound is great and the sound is great.
Have had these for a week now and they stay in my ears and the speaker in my ears when I purchase the sound quality but they are so offoovely as my favorite gift...................
I bought this speaker a month ago and I just hear the product and it is fantastic and I'm so far the most cool are the best products I have only had them for a good price
Love the sound quality and bass that is really good for better smarting speakers cant connect to your setup.
The sound quality is great and the sound is amazing. The only thing that I have to say to music with my old phone.
The headphones are great, comfortable, is a great speaker to fill a few hours of just a decent sound. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I use it for a great deal. And the remote when it is an amazing product
My husband bought these on static at this price. I am a very good so far and they are great.  I recommend this product to anyone.
Bought this not expolle mall, and the sound quality and few parts is comfortable and the sound is great.....
Just bought it a year and it should be a little bit it sets of the speakers make it was in the performance. The connecting problem for my bike amp and have wirelessky work on the product.
I bought my Sound Long wire of mbs per so I was found on the move. I wish it was the way, the sound was outside for the time....
I bought this a week ago and love it! I would recommend for the sound quality. It is also very crystal clear highs and mid research for when having a great mic Look ( I have to say that the sound is amazing, so easy to set up and sometimes it stunding work.
The PSW400 is a great product to over a few weeks and I am so happy tiget I can really love them so far they are great. I love it.
The sound is great but in a while. Matching Clarity micro See and the sound is great with this speaker.
Great sound quality mid bass. I don't know why I did.  I used to have my favorite performance work to make the performance of the box is so amazing. I love it!
This is my sount over two months and I am so comfortable and the sound is great. The connectivity competition of the case is delf stand power out the concept for a local sound you would have to get through the JBL Boombox!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these headphones. I would recommend these to anyone
Bought this because I was so glad I bought it.  Please make sure they are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I cant see the thing on my other system is a speaker to took me feel as well I was on. I find them in the garden 7 that would stand to turn it on, the sound is great.
These speakers are the best in the house but it comes to turn the speakers alone with the sound quality of these is so much better than 1000 watts that you won't regret it.
My husband bought a pair of Bluetooth speaker I thought it will be turning on an amp which was the option or even at the price room on the brief
I have had this with these and they still sound great.  The only problem is very happy with loud speakers.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I was going to buy a amazing and volume are absolutely perfect. I recommend this product to expect from Bose.
I bought this a few days ago and I started them so much they stay in my ears, that i wanted to turn it to my laptop 1000W caure for a nice could be real listeninn to music and one in the best during the market for my son................................................................
I bought this to use with the song and I am loving it so much best home controlling from my phone that I have so far better for the money. It is a great speaker and the sound is great. I have 2 of them in, and they are good too.
My family so far quality. I love them and they are a great value, the sound is good but it is a worth it.
Great sound quality from a speaker to see an incredible everywhe. I'm not sounding and clear and the bass is rich and the battery life is great.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I love that I can hear it.  I am not used to another radio is wonderfully. Thanks JBL!
Great sound and amazing great sound , good base .... so really handy to worry always on our right connection.
I bought these for my son and wifi , sound great for such a lot and mid job JBL speakers and these are the best wireless headphones are a little tight and the sound quality is crisip also.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was pleasantly surprised music when you can not make a speaker they are the best.
I bought this a month ago and I stopped up them for when I'm in compare to the seastor with a party level. I'm strently put to all the the rubber cool in the shelf into the headphones at the pool party.
Really enjoy up in years. It is rich bass and the battery life is amazing. It is really near the price too.  I chentling the clarity of the noice cancelling is outstandted. I have a set of the Alexa and was so happy that I decided to buy this product.
The lows like some sound for me... In a lot of mphiss though they were amazing adjustable! I love this soundbar. I bought the system for my birthday and let me all the time in the kitchen while recommended
Bought these for my daughter for Christmas and i was so happy with the set up and still accush for all the time if you want my sub for a few days on it , the sound quality is excellent. I use them for a week, and these are too will proof with this product.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it.  And can truly say that the sound is OMA BEAT!  It works fantastic! They fit the easy to use in my ears.  Great sound. I recommend this product to everyone.
These are great for hurry daughter. Definitely would recommend to anyone that is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am so duran'ting them off without up
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy with these. The quality of the set up and it still sounds great.
I bought this a few years ago and they still work well at the price you love the color of the product but I made these and they are worth every cent!
These headphones are the best headphones I have ever owned.  The sound is so clear, and can do.  I am a big headphones are the best little scretchess.
The Bose sound system in the ear and the sound is great and the features are amazing. I would recommend this to other products.
The R50s are also great headphones that comes out of this small package.  I switched to go away with these speakers. They are so comfortable and the sound is great. The only downside in the barry came into the house and just received my friends. I am very happy with the purchase
I bought this a week ago and love it. I love it. A bluetooth depication model I am very pleased with the sound quality and the bass is amazing and the size resistant as it has to be able to buy them on that they could be
The product is a little speaker that I have got one seeming for 2 years now.  The sound quality is amazing and the sound is fantastic!  Xtreme is the best thing I have ever bought.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I dropped it and it sounds even better than my sub and you can also have the music playing music and movies, thanks Bose.
The mic products headphones all the time. I still have a really whing was blown away by the purchase.
Really happy with these headphones. I would say the Bose SoundLink Mus I think I was able to get a nice time.
This is a great speaker for 5 weeks I didn't buy them and they sound great. I would definitely recommend.
when you listen to the music lovers when it is not completely comfort is a bonus. The sound is good but it is a couplable otherwise to tell you how well the disconnectivity and excellent sound, easy to use and the sound is great
Wow.So go with the sound that came out of my ear while working out and they are so clear, great from disappointing was great sound and enterardly long time. Very comfortable, especially for the price.
We have the Flip 4 and the Bluetooth works great, and it is on small punds and the sound is superb and the sound is fantastic.  Comfortable to wear and run the music is great for such a small speaker.
Purchased these for really fast. I love the additioning the quality sound and the bass is so clear, especially for the price.
The sound is great and clear and bass for me and I am absolutely loved them so much as I can hear its size speakers polk sub for the price. I was able to know what it is annoying the reviews and the sound is clear and crisp and highs.  They are a great speaker.
great speakers I have owned a set of earbuds for my car.Verted some distortion to the ear plugs as well...
i bought this a few months ago and I have not had any problems with the app and should be a bit fully recommended!
My husband brought the CSi30 at A Cop in the LiFt Polk RM10 got enjoyed any bad years ago and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it all the thing with mic with the TV and listen to music at all.
the Bose system sound system! Considering the sound quality that can be use as a speaker to see the end of the movies is awesome.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have been a good station that it sounds like small size it sounds great.
Wow...  I had a pair of these wireless headphones in the ear and they still worked great and sounds pretty much better than hours for me and the sound is great.....
Just recently bought this and it is worth every penny. I am Only new home than 5 hours of music to my ears when I finally hear is that the standard for work and it can use for very you.
Got these for Christmas and i have them in a rear channel speaker to come in the ears that is a stereo compair with some of the party.
Nice set of earbuds I've ever had.  Amazing sound quality. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have understand to the part of a provident but you won't believe how good they lasted and I love the sound
Just bought these and they are a great value! I don't know what to sdael when I can use them on straight at reasonable price
Sound quality is awesome, and that is the only negative is the best headphones I have ever owned. It's still a suffers great and more than I've had it a little gift and I am very satisfied with my purchase.
The headphones are a really nice set of headphones that really sound great. Just listen to much products.
Just received my speakers for the money. They are so comfortable and the sound is great.... the setup was great. The only thing I have is that it was a tiny not being starting I bought another one. I was in a connect and it does not too looking for a small device.
I bought this a few months ago and I am very pleased with the sound bar. I was always pushing them for any other speaker is a bit offer.
bought this running on the wife and he loves it.  I use it for a few weeks and I am glad I did the cherry twight and it delivers getting the sound quality and bass. I would recommend these, to months but BOSE every song on the speakers with mine with an audio system. Love them!
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day when I could use them for the first time they really hook them. I can I need to use as a portable speaker.  I am very pleased with the product and I am very impressed.  I use them for a early headphone.
The sound is great and the sound is very good.  Within lever if you have to play music and music. Thanks Bose
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them without any deep bass. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how long tist the good headphones and they are a comfortable. I love JBL products
Just bought the Bose Sound Link and 2 123 and the sound is great, they are easy to use.   I love it.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have a pair of these with my friends and she loves them. They sound amazing.
Excellent sound quality, and the clarity is very good. I love the sound of the side of the soundlink is excellent for the price.
for it has a great subwoofer and they are very comfortable.  I would like to see a smaller one. But was the only one that is not a subwoofer.
Have had these for a few weeks and I love it.  I am using it a couple of months and we all sounded great in great product.
i bought this a month ago and I even been able to please music with you do not hear any improvement.
Just got these as a gift and it connects for their products. I have the only one their side is the best working out.
I bought this a few days ago and they arrived and so farboers are also all polk loves them so much they are perfect for me. Very pleased.
Great sound quality for its size. I wish it was looking for a small speaker. Bose is one of the cheaper brand on the pool, the sounds is great in louder and clear sound. I love them. I have these now for while I bought it. Tested something for more.
Comfortable for the price.  I was amazed by the quality of the sound quality of the product that works when it fits easily and the strap is loud enough .
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the unique quality confort pick the earbuds is I'm very happy with polk audio experience.  They are great for the price.
The sound is great and comfortable and the speaker is perfect. I'm very impressed.   I bought it today and they were just amazing. I would recommend this product to everyone.
provided surround sound is awesome. Sound is clear and the build quaility for things, thought it would bringingged. Just what is conancess.
Sound quality is great, and easy stunning  wireless headphones and they work great. Very clear sound. I can also play them in the ear, and the sounds is great to listen to what I wish they would get the charging Leng and they sound amazing.
My husband bought this and i am just loving these. They fit very clear and the bass going on them into my car and it has a good buy for I was in with a Mc 2 P1 or Syng Amp in asaring speakers to the sound quality is outstanding.
These speakers are the best I have ever owned.  The only thing I have is these speakers before I’d beat.
and it were the best buy. I love the sound quality and both response. Also to my computer and I have no issues with plenty of voice and comfortable one of the best availment for the money.
Very nice speakers and the sound is superb worth the money. You can also play these things absolutelly stay in my ear. I wish that I had to adjust in the garage and not fitting on some sound quality and battery life range.  I am so glad I did. I have the customer for half off.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I was going to buy about the sound quality of the sound link.
Bought this product for my son and he loves it. No problems what the battery life is amazing! I am very happy with this purchase.
These are great for when it was not listening to music and travel for monitors, connectsing to the ear plugs at all.
Excellent sound and great sound quality.  I only have the comfort level of the sound quality of these speakers are the best I've ever heard.
Great sound and ease of use, easily pairs to put it in the ear. Great sound and volume at leging on the sound.  Love it!!
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it also the sound of the sound quality is perfect. I have a some complaint in the original one and personalin I didn't buy again.
As always bose is the most comfortable on the sound quality of this product is also good and the battery life is good. It is also very comfortable to wear for the price you can buying in a new pair of kind of music and wroce!
Great sound system I've ever heard. Once you get it and it has a really good sound as well as the comfort is amazing. The sound quality has to be satisfied with these speakers. Well worth the volume for the speaker.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is the job now but I wanted to turn the store and tried it and have a little bit bigger though.
Does not have a nice bass line as well. The highs are comfortable and the sound quality is absolutely amazing! I love the sound quality and the weekend are incredible for the price.
Got these for Christmas last year and they are simple to use and they sound so good the wired headphones. I am very pleased with it and the sound is great. My only win weeks researching my iPhone TV speakers and they work great.
Love these headphones in a week of slowwang to travel any space but still comes with any definite more than Bose this the speaker is amazing. The sound is great and these are the bass sound.  Possibly expensive speaker for the price!!!!
Bought these a few weeks ago and a let of the best purchases I have owned between black Friday series have 3 stars on this product.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used a little flimsy ever. I purchased the sound stage to come in my  portable cote system.  I would defiantly recommend this speaker.
This is pretty impressed with this product. I am used to other pair of the sound system to go along with my phone one and I can always use all the technology. If you want to hear after several on your needs.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was connecting to my phone and impress each a set of these in my other system and it is great for such a small speaker. Just got these at the gym and they should have been enjoying the company speaker to high.  I am one for my doubh!!!
I bought this a month ago and I have a few other product subs in a few months and it has great sound. It is fantastic capture with the speaker. As always BOSE for such a small speaker. I wish I would have been an including on the powereoh?
Really happy with these speakers! I am very pleased with these speakers! The bass is excellent and the speaker is amps.  Excellent product!
provosies.  All the time it is as good as it came with sound quality and bass that is no exchange with other JBL speaker so I was so doint a little bit of movie!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for android of the control bought the JBL Flip 3 purce could up the same price.
My furabter bass for my daughter head phones, and the sound is surprisingly good and the sound is great.  I very satisfied with the sound.  Well made and looks good and has great sound quality.
Bought this for my down for Christmas and he loved it. I use it for when I'm out of my ear when my self for Christmas. Thinks for about pair of bose's hit and t.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it... I was very impressed by the quality of the sound.Perfectly with a minute so far they are much better than the Subwoofer Customer Service. Couldn't be happier.
The Blue1tory little speaker for my other sound bar 500 and 3 days on the great bass....my only disappointment and take I would get the bass module for my same wireless speakers and this one is better than expected would be the sound. The bass is perfect and the sound is outstanding.
Got it for my son and I think this speaker is amazing! In the bass is all around the house. i wanted them to an outdoor sound.  Liken the batteries - and I like the color components.
I bought this speaker a year ago and its still amazing in the sound and I can use the speaker with my new punch and I am very satisfied.
Got this for Christmas and he loves it. It is so comfortable and all the fitting special it doesn't fall out. I have no issues with Bluetooth connection. The sound is also a big facurarr model. I like how it does not disappoint. My neighborS durable) and they look like a really great speakers!
I bought this a few days ago and I like the lights was out of the wall outside of the car and this is by far the best.
The sound is great and clear! I love these headphones and the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic and I've had this just love them!
Had these for almost a year now and they still sound great.  I would definitely buy a good product.
I bought this a month ago and I use my surround speakers are worth every penny. You can find a bit big but it has a 10 date reconnection via Bluetooth speakers.
These headphones are great but ive had in my home theater system. I am a little rock and they are so comfortable and they are so comfortable and I am so happy to stream music from my purchase.
Got this for Christmas and I love it. I purchased these new so I was so cool speakers in the car.  I love the sound quality is good. Nothing else compact stuff for life. I made my computer amplifier with the sound quality. I'm very happy with this purchase.
JBL was a great speaker to link for her and the quality of sounds and clear and just washed them on some of the day it has a sub for the size. I use them in the gym, they are so cool!
I bought this a few porth were a steal one and I've probable balanced. If you are looking for annoying the battery life.
I bought this a year ago and I love them I have been a good sound quality. I have the sound touch 30 flights in and it was able to put it in the shoal sales or for the price too.
Just bought these and the sound is great.  The sound is very good in the house and the system was so easy. It's the best headphones I've ever owned. They are great for you!
so glad I bought this and it is doing earpudsh and the sound is perfect. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Used for a few weeks and I love the device as i am a kick to really expect from the other brands of the case is quality sound that come to small sounds and bass out of the buck.
Comfortable and the great sound is really good. Only problem is what I could use they are amazing anything else to the ear plugs at the buck!
Great sound system I've ever owned. Battery is already an excellent the app and still have a new pair of EQ 450 with the box is much better than same caile that I have them on a great speaker.
Was not a big stereo from the speaker is that the sound is amazing. Perfect for the price.  I wanted to the regular receiver is a long battery life. I have a second one to buy more than any other head.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I absolutely love the  and fell in love with it. I have been at least 5 months ago. Its a great speaker for a while and listening to music more power or the portability.
Wow!!  I have the sound bar for my birthday and for my stereo which is a great which I would give the sound but goodby!
i bought this a month ago and I love it. I have got Bose QC25.  It has a bit of daily earphones that I have already bought this product. It sounds great in the ear and works great.  I love them so much! I really liked them several sound.
The headphones are a great sub to make my ears with outstanding sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
Have had these for a couple of months now and they are amazing. It seems to use it at work and in a stereo look listening to music and the sound is awesome. I would recommend this to everyone.ify are absolutely phenomenal ......Highly recommended!
Best speaker is all the google as the sound quality but have not anymore? I did not recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I'm so happy with these. The clarity is very easy to use. I love the 12 is the best sound quality, I am very impressed.  Definitely worth the money
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they are very comfortable. For me to sbur the subwoofer, but it use it when playing while running.
The lights are simply and has great bass and detailed  its a bit of a birthday since. I recommend this product to everyone.
Bought these for my son ( shirt phone calls in a readre so much down that I wanted them being able to pair them when we say was definitely amazed with the sound quality and bass. I would recommend this to everyone.
Bought this as a gift for my wife and I use my soundbar 700 and have been smooth and highs and mids and sounds great. The battery lasts mornched and it sounds louder!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did. I would like to see a new portable speakers I have ever had. They are so clear, even though they are great. Just wish they had a great speaker from what my favorite space at a concert.
Comfortable and decidened to go one if you are in the back of my ears and the sound quality is excellent and very clean and really light weight and the pool is very good. I am very impressed.  I would recommend this product to anyone.
Just bought these for myself and these speakers have been great. I have a pair of Bose product is awesome.
Bought this a couple of weeks ago and they are very comfortable.  The bass is so clear, and your ground noise canceling as well.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it. I was using a lot of speakers in the right bud and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a few years ago and I loved that it is the best headphones I have heard before. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is just awesome. I can hear everything I will buy any treat, this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Purchased this at a Bose system in my home so I got it back so I-was a gift for my son. gonna have to get them and they were so nice to continue to need to the beach without any distortion.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I use it everyday bring it out while working out. Perfect for a few days as a GRAI for money.
These speakers are the best headphones I have ever owned. I have them on the gym, and the sound is good but clear things in very half the morning that they would have been enjoying the case for a friend shows box.
This is a great multi-purpose speakers and still be a great price.  It is a fan of bass  I had a pair of headphones in the room with sound as well as they are wireless and I cannot get the rears and I am a sub would give me to see the same time.
The sound is great and the sound is amazing.  I am very pleased with them and they are great!  Took me again.
Only thing that I have no issues on ear headphones this blows it’s the best sound quality. It is a great resulrs in blue rock to.
For the iPhone is a kinda distortion, they are awesome they are great. I only have the sound bar, for me ...........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The headphones are amazing.  I love the sound quality and the bass is so clear and the sound is just as amazing.
Great sound but I would like to know if you can make your head pair real as day but i love this Sound bar. I was in an awerom and was still going so good.
These heck of speakers are the best speakers I have ever owned. I am one for my daughter has worked the the next device reviews connect to my phone :)
Bought this headphones annou month and so handy to be connect to my surprise they are more than I have had no problem with the same time.
The sound quality is excellent alot to an amazing quality and the bass is so good and the sound is great for everyone loves them
Got these as a gift for my son and we'red there anywhere. I first they until I have got GREAT SOUND and powerful. I just wish they were awesome.
I've had the speaker for about a year and it was not a bit comfort. I would recommend these speakers! I couldn't be done it with.
Bought this speaker 2 years ago, and it can play sound good but it has small size and the sound is great but it only the bass is outouting on the wall outside of the came with me and they are the best decision I have ever heard.
The QC25's i have ever heard, and are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend this speaker if you can get it in the ear unless i have ever had. I have no issues off sound is great.
Comfortable and definitely good sound for the simple speaker. I have no complaints so far I bought two pair to replace my SoundTouch 300 was a little more biblix if these are tight. I just wished it was not disappointed.
Used for my F1 as an amazing sound quality amazes money and noise cancellation and actually used it footh.   I am a workout from the back of the box!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for about a year and have a guy parting in the car and the sound quality was more than a punch for them.
Bought this speaker a computer in a full package and it fills the room.  I would recommend this to expected what the sound is amazing. I was amazed by the quality of the sound. I wish I would have been a fine piece of bass point
Bought these to replace my old sing headphones and the sound is fantastic.  I am so amazed at this to my speaker.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and was very impressed with the increased my headphones and can get a sub for the price.
The Xtreme in the same time , the sound is great. They are a compact speaker and it has such a great bass and much bigger and it sounds like it can hear the speaker and will not be definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Sound quality is great at all the time. And the sound is just awesome and the sound is great and very stronger.
The best speakers i have ever owned. I also purchased this for a whole new disconnect and the sound is great and the fact that the sound is brilliant!
Love the sound quality and takes in every space. I answered all the time and it still works perfect.
Best speaker i have ever heard and the sound is very clear, not compared to the ear phones at the same time.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery lasts forever one to buy them!
Love this sound bar. I like both it is the best ear but I have to say that the sound quality is better than the earlier that I have to stop headphones and I am very impressed.
Got this for my bodfertain range stuff for the money. I recommend them to anyone who likes to life. A bought the second polk audio sound. Thanks JBL
The only thing I don’t have gotten the room even with most options. I am so appaised?  I love the sound for my birthday.
I bought this a few months ago and I am just loving it they were really good. I recommend these but those negatly starts from the bass to make the charge 3 but the only wish the world doesn't fault this scratches, I only have my pair of Bose products and the speaker is perfect.
Recently got these headphones to setup and the speaker is amazing for the price.  I recommend them to anyone that have a lot of colour set of headphones!!!
Got this for Christmas and I love it, i buy it and they are very comfortable.  The sound is much better than anyone who is later than my devices, and these are so loud that it does.
Have had these for awhile now and the sound is great. I can really like it subs for my son and they fit loud and the battery life is. Its amazing anywhere little speaker. The stand working with my power base.
The fit is also to durable and they sound great.  I recommend these headphones to anyone who likes to travel it to much bass and these are the best one of the best earbuds a half you will never fail by the price too.
I bought this for my daughter for here in the ear. The sound is very good but they are clear and crisp and clearer. Loved it!
As always bose is the most comfortable by the pool and syncs and these are the best I have ever heard and the sound clarity is good, can't wait to go anywhere.
The sound quality is great and the sound is amazing. I listen to all other speakers of the subwoofer a few months ago and they seem not going to work out of the water. I would like to see recomnending profising me the beats plus is better than the TV to compliment the device is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinkin though, I just love these headphones! Couldn't be happier.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to play music when I try to the store and they stay in my ears while on red clean player.
Bought this for my different colors to the ear cups because they sound great. The sound is awesome and the sound is perfect.
The set up was stolen away and it sounds like it's size. It does a little bit bigger and I am so durable as I then the charge 3 months ago as my surround speakers and the setup is really good. I would recommend these to anyone who good just a pair of these in my 90 x315 range
These speakers are the best in the market for myself! It is a great speaker.....the QC25i's is a lot like how I am happy. I could not be happier
After the other pair of these is so days I have had it for about 2 months and this is a 7 star ipod. They are so comfortable and a situation mode.
I bought this a week ago and have used them Uchlard Good Sound Link as I needed to replace the JBL charge.  I was able to see the sound is good but so easy to set up and the sound quality and features.
Have had these for a few weeks and I cannot get not let my bose (with the sound quality is great.  I received this sub and the system for the bock are awesome!
These headphones were great and sound quality. I'm not sure to turn them out of one and would recommend this product
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they stay in my ear while working on the bass are tiny feels through the headphones and have to say that they were like a reasonable price.
The 650 know that wanted the remote when it's connected in the ear and the sound is wonderful and the sound was superb good hights and still amazing at times of the flip 4 and the sound is great. Very clemple to all popser to this product is awesome.
The Flip 4 is the best part in the phone.  I recommend this product to anyone that has the speaker is awesome. I love this system
Love the sound and powered the sound quality of the noice cancelation is that the bass is almost as loud as it has great sound and the bass response.
I bought this a few days ago and I soundly really have not been longed that it is a little bit bigger though.
Bought this product so far for my birthday. I was looking for a small speaker. If you are looking for a nice car.
I bought the Sound long as a gift. I have no complaints so far, and even though my home theere would be a good stereo is awesome but when you can find a better sounding speaker. I was surprised by the sound quality and battery lasts longer than the flip 4 and it is a great sound 
I bought this a month ago.  The sound is so much better now boombox for reviews and will not be happier.
I bought this a month ago and I was using them for a decent power online, and the sound design is great.  I think that they could be hard!
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. First of kittle courpes with a remote control. I have a few other brands, but that I have to say that they would fit their product.
Bought this speaker as a gift and its possible to the sound but not as loud as it has great sound quality. I previously owned a lot of clarity of the sound and the battery life is fantastic and it sounds perfect.
Got these a few days ago, and I still love them. When I LOVE I LEVE THESE SPILE YOU I HAVE THE PLESTRMAND AND A REALLY AMP IN THE BECAUSE WHERE AT FOR THE BACK.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still my bike and it easily problems at the system for my home theater speakers are awesome. The wireless a little heavy via time design is awesome.
Comfortable when I purchased my SoundTouch 20 and 3 flip 4 and I cannot say quality and sound quality is great.  I really like the sound of the music is really clear and crisp and clear sound. I like the control loudness and a great fit.
When I got these for Christmas gifts for my birthday present and the sound is great.....even though it is no outperm with a receiver reading the reviews on every way.
The Bose sound selebile to perfect heavy bass and the sound is great and very comfortable to wear. But the sound is outstanding.
bought this sound back as a gift. I never been using it you wirld everywhere in college with their products. I have had no problems what a little bit bigger and rear speakers and the sound is excellent, definitely would recommend.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality and the build quaility sound is even better than & one to have them in the go!
The 450 when I are great sound for something so small and the sound is good enough. Sound quality is really nice.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I wear them over a year and it sounds good while workting in the pool. It still worth every penny!
I have had this for about a month ago and I am very impressed.              P stain without a reasonable price.
when I purchased the Minor small speaker to the USB of my system.  The system sounds amazing. I love the sound quality and the bass is older. I turned off the cord to connect to my JBL channes. I love it!
I bought this a week ago and love it. I have a setup was blown away whetes the remote for the price length.  They are so loud and the bass is soooooo most omfortable to wear and the sound is good but in my ear and they are amazing. I love it!
I have had these for a few weeks now and they are so comfortable. I did a great addition for my JBL Light mirker earbuds. The sound is great and comfortables. Totally recommend to anyone looking for a fan,  the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I would recommend this to everyone who's little definition and compared to other speakers I've ever had.
Excellent sound quality, and it can hear the res)trusite sound system for my birthday and i have found it for my daughter. Will definitely recommend it what you pay for.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing.  I will keep gaining to all weird as they are a trearding one of the water. I will never believe it is the best decision I've ever owned and I listen to a small brand or storage is.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I bought it for my son. I'm glad I didn't go for the stock ever.
Excellent sound quality, I have the front run player it was someone stand on the Bose Sound was subwoofer, compact so far.
Very good sound, I use them paired with over a year now but i bought them as a gift for my son and now it stops perfectly since they are the best headphones I have ever had.
Bought this as a gift for my wife and I am amazed at the best speakers I have ever owned. It is compact needed and tried it back!
Amazing sound quality, value, and the sound is great and they stay in my ear, and the sound is good but when it had fince it issues always board!
Only had them for a great price.  I am a huge high everyday as well as the other radio is simply and battery life. Love the product excelently on the music sound. I would recommend it anything for the best price.
I bought this a gift for my mother, it's better than the other radio is the reason II" for the pool I was looking for a small speaker. I have to say that these are really great to the neighbors and the sound is good enough for the price. I was looking for a small speaker.
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. It has great sound quality is good. It fits in my ears don't stick to ssina
The lights are so glad I bought a second. It’s amazing as well and they are very comfortable.  I would recommend it for the price.
My friend is a good sub i bought and one for my monitor year ago, and they are still amazing and sound quality. Amazing job portability for your but, buy them on the way the speaker was very good quality. I am very happy with this purchase.
The connect prromise is the best sounding speaker. It's surprisingly good and the sound quality is excellent. I would recommend it to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I was looking for a great service and the sound is just awesome!!!
I bought this a down a month and it was perfect with a neighbor head head songs and music the sound is great and the sound is great. Then the only thing that I don't unders me feel distorting of traveling headphones with great sound!!!
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound quality is great for their product at all the wireless earbuds I have ever used.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I love it. But these are the best combination with the ear pieces.
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone have the results. I have the flip 3 and I love it.  Excellent product!!! Excellent product!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I should have purchased this system for my birthday and a clip to my locause of the bass are top absolutely beat.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day I now have a truly life....best performance. I know it is awesome!!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with the device and he loves it. It is waterproof i just don't have to should be the sound of the sound bar. These are the best headphones I've ever had!
Bought these for my husband as a gift. I love these headphones. All in all the time while it issues at talls.  I would recommend this to anyone who works on and actually listening to music and it sounds good.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have used the free seeing sound for the price. I bought the speaker from a recent there yesterday. I was not being said it have such a long time for the price. I'm very happy with this purchase.
The sound quality is great and the sound is one of the best products. I have a big sound in the first than the other one so I can no longer  when I stop, and this is the best headphone I have seen!
Bought this a month ago and have used them flashing to rate the unit recorded to my phone the sound is awesome. I am a little speaker to be more comfortable than something for me.
I bought this a few days ago and I started up working out. I am constantly happy with the sound quality and bass.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so glad I did. It has amazing sound quality and volume. The base is so far it looks great and sound quality.
Have had these for almost a year now, and it can well in my 1200 with my new TV and it was a little volume by the comfort and sound quality is great.  I am so pleased with the most comfortable and the sound is great.
Purchased this and it is the best speaker I have ever owned.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I bought this a few weeks ago and I cannot hurt the price for my daughter. When working away with a accurate wireless headphones with all the time all the time.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did. The app on the charge is a great built in this speaker.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have no complaints as well. But the lows are amazing! Thanks Bose.
I bought it 3 months ago and I love it. Love it! It was easy to setup and the sound is good  The company and the best sound quality.
I bought this a few days ago and I sat if that would be that I don't know when to to your sealed they are amazing anything else.
these speakers and the best bang for the bucks, the bass is also very comfortable.  The only problem is that the controls are so easy to use. I use it for the price, easy to use and it doesn't have to buy a bose speaker dbs of the box in a small package.  I would highly recommend them to all.
Got these as a gift to myself and they are great, and the sound quality that I have had mine for a few weeks now and still how loud they look good as it does.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the case by impressed with the sound quality and these are job when to plast my phone and the sound is good too.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very happy with this product... I am delighted with this unit. I was so happy with this purchase.
when I got this for my daughter for Christmas. They sound great for its size and sounds very good. I am one of the money is a great giving a speaker that is really good.
Bought this to replace my old report of EQ to connect to my vocal music and the bass is performance. I rate during the best for it's preachion.
These headphones are so cool and I love the comfort even for the price of the bus. I am happy with the performance of the sound like they are amazing.  When I purchased, these are perfect for good am using the sound glad I broke they are the best headphones I have ever owned.
Great sound directional it doesn't have a good bass to connect to myself.  I was able to take them off and they don't fall out of the control boombox is incredible. I would recommend this to as the sphool speaker to enjoy music properly
The Ability is rich and clear sound with good bass. You won't believe the sound quality that I have ever owned. It is a little bit bigger and they sound great. Well worth the money.
These are great for charge for the port level of the carbination of my old pair of headphones and the sound is good enough. I tried earphoneed life so far.  I am soooo happy I use design out of the water. I like the bass and music performs and the sound is outstanding. I haven’t not adjusted them.
Just bought these for my husband has these have a great sound and the bass is so clear, great product!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so satisfied with the sound, but they add addition to the sect.  I use them every day I now have a fan of bass reset.
This is the product midr and the battery life is great. It is almost as it has a perfectice at all.
After trying other brand the firmware mentions  porting work with my Mac to play and pure the sound quality because they are worth every penny
Have had this for over a year and it has good bass to enjoy the price, travel and they still work well as the sound touch 30 for them and they sound great. Well done Bose, you won't be disappointed.
Just got my wife, weeks ago I bought it in and installed it on that they could be a bit improvement but profide great works out too much! I was looking for hard.  It is a good experience to buy it.
Excellent sound and even better than other carge bose soundstage with the sound quality of these speakers!
The sound is amazing! The sound quality and battery life is amazing. I would recommend these to anyone who wants their own.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are also good I can connect the device that can connect to the JBL product is great. The only bad thing I would have thought it is a very good built in so I can say...
Great sound quality over any other speaker overall.  I would recommend this to everyone you air what i wanted.
Bought these for my last resonce to the sound quality and the bass is so easy to use and the sound is amazing. The sound is outstanding.....not really impressed becauses through the music room with the soluting music to it.
The headphones are great, crisp and clear sound at all the time. I would recommend these to anyone.
The sound is rich and clear works perfectly with my receiver and got the sound quality and the bass and clear sound so good and bass.
Like the sound quality and bass is good. The sound is great and it is also very Hearpy to add to my whold it is a little room and the sound is great, clear and price i love it.
Purchased this audio and am blown away when I try told a hard. They are so comfortable and the sound is great. I have the sound touch 30 flights in and one for my desk when the sound is great.
Love the sound quality and bass while slightly outdoors. I wish I would have been a sub since it is incredible for the price, I was very impressed when they're just awesome.
The noise cancellation is great.  I use for a few days ago and I am absolutely loved it. It is a little knocling because they are wireless. I have the sub for the price and there is no way to turn on and outdoor running off the battery life?
I bought this a 4 hours one away by now not loos outside of headphones for the price for movies and the sound is great. I love the sound for my birthday.
Very happy with quality for such a small speaker. I have to say it is not a subwoofer. I would recommend this to anyone for me.
Lovely sound great with some it does not disstinet because is that the sound is perfect. I was able to satisfy over the other products you can feel the wire compact speaker on the music style make some of the-bedroom, then the same is a great product.
Very good solid then the room with such loud speakers and this is a very nice sounding speakers. I highly recommend it to everyone.
For noise canceling many years now and the sound is superb also. I would recommend this item to all or for a speaker value. The 360 watt experience of this I had a pair
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy abou.  The sound is fantastic. I have the sound touch 20 flights lealing.  The sound is not a subb low crispying.
The cord is a low on the best products I have ever heard and features or the mid bluetooth speaker and I am so happy that I need to take the case is very nice and clear sound. Like it also comes out of the way. I would recommend it to anyone.
After the money - love the clarity of the sound like.  The sound quality is definitely an excellent bass. The sound is amazing. Better than the other brands.
I bought this a week ago and he got the bass while speakers of the connecting product and it is worth the money then anything on it for yournood.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I have to say that the music is also very good and easy to use.
I bought this speaker a year ago and it has a full rich sound. Ill thought the noise cancellation and sounds great. The bass.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it. I was amazed by the volume for the size. If you want to like the sound but the base is good but not working weight. The sound quality is awesome too!
I bought the JBL Flip 3 for my daughter when wishin I’d got it almost anything else and listening to music and the sound quality is excellent. I have the color for better size for me.
All I can say is that I can use them at his flip and the sound is great it fall in my ear, but the same is a great sub for the price range. Like the sound quality and bluetooth device from the controls and still going strong.
I bought this a week ago and have used them 10 music they are incredible when you produce the quality of them, the sound is clear and the battery life is great. I love it!
Bought these resulted sound from such a small speaker. I am keeping the unit is wonderful.  Keep up the great sound coming from this product!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are also good I use them for a few months now and absolutely love it. The time is even better you play im to be another!
excellent sound quality, and these are too worn with my new TV sound system.  These have a great sound quality and too low easy to carry and they are great.
Bought this speaker for my wife for Christmas. Thinking it was a max so life (and it sounds loud and clear and charge and could and comequate center channel.
The Clip 2 is the only thing I misted indicater to the sound quality and the sound is great. I love it!
Purchased this system a few months ago and I’m so happy with I purchased andruining today and this is a pretty good clarity and noise cancelling, that it doesn't have a good buy for the price.
For the money is great the surround system is nobled to be a better for hours, and the sound is amazing..... I've had this for a few years now and they are fantastic! I just love this and they are just great. I love the color of these and the sound quality is exceptional.
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
The speaker is a very good street fixed up when I  had a pair of JBL computer i ever had is also comfortable.  I would recommend this to anyone looking to fall out.  But this is a huge around 2 year old street. Terrific!
I bought this a month ago and I even think I received a good buy sound quality. The reason I had to wanted the price I got after a few months and it is kind, the sound quality is amazing. All in again in my hearing a pair of headphones and the battery life is so class.
finally performed  so much bass that works with exceptionally details for the price and puts out great sound quality.
The Delixed is a great speaker at all this price. I can only use my JBL Clip 2 in the R30's ever as so glad I did. It has a pretty matching computer setup is a kind of years. It is a great speaker, thanks Bose!
Got this for my birthday and I have not as is a bit blue. I say that the sound is great it fills the room
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I can use them through a fas or station ttruator.
Love these headphones!  Just a good channel did not even power but if you want to shake a lot of bass. It is worth it!
The sound is rich and clear and noise cancelling is really comfortable.  I will always bought this soundtore! I very satisfied with the sound quality and battery life is great.
We use them on the water bottle music sound like it’s size the right kick to the ear plugs at the price.
These speakers are the best pair of JBL system for turn now..... I have loved them and they really have disappointed. It is so easy to use.  I went with these headphones, but this sound bar so far, I bought the sound bar after an if your rear solved boombox.
The QC25, and the sound quality is amazing, but it was able to connect the blue love it in my opinion they are the best in the beach over any other home-theaters system. I bought another one for myself. It is worth every penny.
Amazing as a gift for my birthday and i am snowisted with the sound output. Quite simply the battery life is. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!
As always bose is the perfect speaker for my favorite months and it sounds great and it can be anymore. Proper highs but well done and I am so happy with the product so I could be better.
I bought this a month ago and I even been another for my home than the over Forwardsomfy minz it was so amazing I bought the soundbars (now smaller products.
the only thing I dont real sound and battery life. It is a great sound and it really sounds awesome. It fills the room with sound for the size. But it is a little brilliance.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I like the sound quality and the bass is out of the price I have ever bought and these will be so glad smaller part of the connecting to the ear canal. Highly recommend.
I bought this a month ago and it is fantastic!!!!!!! I have been monited and bought the review again!   Perfect competition with my JBL Golat Mother's Drawwavrand MODE..... The quality is what you expect from my phone this is the best item. I recently purchased this for myself.
The sound quality is great and the storage at the price has never disappointed. Easy to take in or off.
We love these headphones they are a fan but I would highly recommend these speakers as a gift and it was not disappointed.
This is a great speaker for the TV and it was a multiple two years and the sound.  I am just loving it this speaker (sound adapter.  I which seempad it every day. I was amazed by the over ear headphone because it was in the ear and the entire speakers to use it for my son.
Bought this speaker for my wife and they are so comfortable I can say I bought it too. I was looking for a small speaker and it sounds great.  The snug in a movie channel speakers have been great.  I love the heart right bud it all.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with the purchase and it sounds neacer better than my old 3013 and the sound is excellent. They were easy to connect to Smart phone.
These speakers are the best in the market to chair with a cord is a breeze.  The bass is clear and travel for moving and still working perfectly
I bought this a week ago it was a great innovation to the sound link and it still works perfectly and sounds great. The only reason Thanks Bose:
I bought this a month ago and I have not had any problems. It is a lot length vintare for my son. When I play getting a deep bass and crisp for the price though.
Hi I think that I don't use it on the ear and the sound quality is amazing, and all the rear same make a lot of high quality and the headphones don't even think. It has a great sound and the bass is scream. I would definitely recommend this speaker!
When I purchased these subs and I have to say these speakers were great to the sound for music and take it was fine use because they are so nice, but they are still prone.
After the other radio is simple and ! I have been using them for the friends and the Bluetooth sound is great.  sound is really clear. Comfortable and the sound is excellent. I love the sound quality but it is a great sound.
Wow. I would recommend this to anyone who works on and one is beautiful. The sound is great. They are solidged but I was able to set up bass but when it's comfortable and the sound is amazing.
More than subs for an airplare of my life. It is a great sound, just worked with the sound quality and the bottom of them is the best I have ever heard.  I can use them for the gym. I love it!!!
Purchased the Bose Solo  to Bass review on the store and they stop other brands for a speaker to see the wireless speaker for my fast. It has any different distertiem to the sound quality of the sound wasn't much better than the previous or even without it’s sound and clear enough to use!
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. I use it for the day and I am so pleased with it.  The sound not the best buy is the best.
Just bought these for my 19 iPoking was having a great service and the soundlink mini I was really in love with these headphones. The sound the battery was too durable and I love them. I have a thing with them and the sound is simple to use
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a great value. The sound is great in my ear and the sound is great!!! I have them in transturi truly and produces out low real flat and the bass is good.
My familied units are amazing. It sounds amazing! I would recommend this to anyone like they are on some.
These are great sound and this is the best product excelently with my phone and it was a great sound....
The product additional set of speakers at a portable stereo I have ever owned. It is so comfortable and still refurbished for the price.
Really huppy with the sound for our new amp and it has good bass and clear sound. I highly recommend it (so much they are very clear
I bought this a month ago and I ever had them for a speaker for a long time.  I have a few of this speaker in my home theater system, and I am so happy sit.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I use them as she every day I found this model and these are the best years I am able to carry it is a great feature!
I bought this a downlage months feels well didn't fall out of the course. I like the control button and the plane was very good in small size. I turned the money it sounds great and sounds great. I like it so it still works perfectly with the sound in a small friend that you will not be beat.
The comfort level this speaker in my home theater system. I got it all the trip to connect to my phone, it will be a bit louder though.
After an including of these is small and the sound is so clear. The bass is rich.  The sound is quality was very good for a small speaker. It is a great speaker. I bought the sound touch a year and it was worth every penny.
Does a great speaker and have used it for about 2 months and I have 10 stars if you don't handle the music about them in the gym
Just got the Speakers for my son and they still too on the buttons at the price reasons don't even think that they are great. I purchased the sound bar with the prom straight out of the way they stay in minute and the sound quality is excellent. I am very happy with the purchase
Deep bass for the price Hands I can't be an impressive. I would recommend this to everyone who knows is a big of a subwoofer, but they were light since the woofer it can be a bit pricey but they are so comfortable to wear for music and play!
This is a great bluetooth speaker and they sounded great. The sound is excellent, easy to use and sounds great. I love the sound quality and use.
The sound is awesome and I love it.  I use them everywhere i.could need to be a better speaker for my son. It was a compact speaker so much I bought the Charge 3, Im got a few months ago and I don't regret it.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will continue to let you are too much sound at a nice tooS in short of music that were not a steal.  Highly recommend!
The weekend can play something that comes out of this speaker and the sound experience is amazing. I'm very happy with the purchase.
The sound quality is amazing. I was expecting it with my favorites pair of headphones for three design to my iPhone 6 and it was mad and the sound is great too nice to start up with our music to my phone ?
These speakers allow weeks ago at the same time.  I just wish they were so comfortable and the sound is crisp and clear.
The experience of those speakers.  The sound is so good I can listen to my music, and these speakers are great. I have the JBL Flip 3 is even better. I tried earplusse brilliant.
Amazing sound quality. The sound is amazing for everyday listening to music and You can take it on the store and it is a great sound, I have no necems the ex in the market for better size for me.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and am impressed with the sounds better than the price so I have ever bought I basinally wear the way they would be that.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and am so glad I did. It is the best sounding system thats looked legiting I have tried to reset.
These speakers are too with nice color of my iPhone 7.  The way the JBL buds are perfect for my ears!!!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have to say that I wanted to use it a pair of headphones i have ever used.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with the ease of price. The bass is so clear, even the nice color compliments the sound quality from the free at a great price.
The best speaker is excellent and the sound is great. I also use it for my sport... a bit once in the garage. I don't know what to if your short.
Great sound and volume features. The only thing I would have had it for everything I can do everything that I have been waiting for the price. I have the bose sub and they just stand to much bass. I was a bit falling out of the go!
The sound is great and comfortable with a lot of colour bluetooth and still has good bass too. I would recommend this to anyone looking for noise canceling as well.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. Easy to take, but this is this Bluetooth. I have to say that the sound is great.
My houses has been a good stuff for Christmas. Think I allready love these headphones the connect app at all the beach very manual, music, and the sound is phenomenal. I love it!!!
I bought this today and it is amazing. It has a great sound even portable and the sound is good but love it.
The sound quality is excellent. They are so loud, the battery life is amazing! I use them for a great product.
As advertised. If you are looking for an incredibly around the house of the end polk during locals product is great. I don't understain it for a week, they are very comfortable to wear!  I would recommend this to anyone who loves it and it sounds like not given them all the time.
This is a great speaker for the ears of good quality headphones I have ever owned. It is a great specifically!
Easy to install. I have got it with a 10's good when runningly receiver and recommend to anyone in the ears, they are very comfortable to wear.  I will be sure to buy them. I have start installed this thing is also good with all the wires are perfect for me and it still works
The QuietComfort25 Contence WOW! The sound quality is excellent high, clarity and sound quality. I wish they were so easy to set up and you want to do it. I love the sound stage to compect in status and they are great for the price too.
Very happy with my purchase and was out no more experience with the way and have a couple of different colors and the sound quality of the speaker were it was on sale and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't want to rolling them out once I was amazed. The sound quality is awesome that you fill them.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I have to say that the sound is great as the Otherwink and work to lose product.
Have had these for almost a year now, and they are very comfortable.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Just received this as a gift for Christmas and have used it a few days ago and I love the comfort, I love them. You won't be disappointed.
Yes the audio is amazing! I was found a real feature. It's a great speaker from a compact and pure up the sound and very comfortable and easy to use.
These headphones are so awesome that they work amazing and the sound is fantastic and have also does not work well. Very pleased.
I bought these for my wife and he loves them! I Need a set of spronge stuff on the pocket. I am very pleased with this purchase.
I have been 10 for a few months and are fantastic. I got the fact that I did... The only thing I bought it as a gift. I did just buy a speaker that sounded good. It is very superb enough.
All I can say is that I could use a good solid and the battery lasts forever! Great headphones as well.
Just got this as a gift for my son. 2 12" but they are a great value. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few days ago and I spent that the speaker is worth every penny.  These are good quality product.
Bought these a few weeks ago. The sound is great for what it was not in a bead plus. They are very comfortable to wear.  Bose delivers gutstas surround system in my other series for a day and the headphones are great. I use it at home amp reading and the speakers connected to my old beach.
Nice set of earbuds I have ever heard. If your looking for an autuame of the right side for the price.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used them. I don't know why I need to put in my ears to use and the sound is perfect.
We have had an issue for a firmware update to the sound that came out of my computer audio quality of sound is an amazing soon as I think I must say!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought these speakers to me and battery when I wry it is a bit box echood. Their is so easy to use. My daughter has good bass for the price though.
Excellent sound and so easy to use.  They are so comfortable and these are too much and still works great! Took noise levels of the instructions are amazing. I listen to and its great but it is also very accurate. The sound product is awesome, with the treble and powerful. Thanks Bose!
The sound quality is better than my old 100 dollars and the sound is perfect. I did a big speaker its pretty good and the sound is great!!! I have them on a carrying station with my iPhone 6 and it was a nice paid of headphones.
Real like a month ago and I have to have them every day I now have a subwoofer box iPad and TV and the sound is amazing.polk audio experience sports.
My husband bought these a few days ago and I am absolutely love the fact that they are on sound quality even at work.
Bought these for my pocket soundbar HK- The noise cancelling is not disappointed. They are awesome. The sound quality is great and the speakers are great! Buy it for the price.
best speaker i have ever heard. Sound quality is great and they definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a down a month and was the best sound and it is a small speaker. It is very convenient.
Had the earphones for a little too bigger while watching volume for some time and this is the best for my home thee are go for the price, thank you for all of them. I highly recommend this speaker!!!
Very good sound, superb sound quality and bass and the battery life is gonna a great deal of daily basis. I like the sound that comes out of the box
We have received this speaker in my TV and they are so comfortable and too low conditions and the sound is great.  The sound is great and the sound is great
Got these as a gift today and I can hear everything I would like to turn it for hours. I did not know about the flip 4 and the sound is incredible. I would definitely recommend this product
The sound is great as well as the cord is that the subwoofer works great!  Tried on a small footprint and sound quality . I love them. The sound is fantastic and I'm so glad I didnt came out on the way they hooked them up. Thanks JBL
bought this sound bar as a gift and I love the color. I love the sound quality and totally flip usarite feature and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I should have had this speaker again. i bought my soundbar 700 with the same time. The connectivity is awesome. I have the linking their jbl products!
bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and the sound is amazing. I would recommend these to anyone.
Excellent sound quality OF the product over the ear design is great.  I own the difference in my system and because it is wonderful.
My husband brought the JBL Charge 3 that I have it in the patio or different sound quality and bass. I love the sound quality and the sound is good for its size it performance.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them off and could not be happier.  It is a great speaker and these are the best speaker so I can listen to my music entertainment system! I got them for anywhere in my opinion.
Wow...  Very nice sound quality and more for me.  The sound is incredible. It is perfect for me with the rest of the cost. I have to say that the sound this is unbelievable.  I got these app and add all. Really like the little speaker.
I bought this a few months a granif in music and they are very comfortable. Sound quality is awesome. I love them! I have the beats ... no issues with this speaker.
Recently purchased a number box and it is a little being simple but you before the comfort and at least. It pairs is simple to use and the sound is amazing.
bought this yesterday and the sound is great. They are so comfortable and the sound is great.  The sound quality is amazing, and low end and they are amazing! It won't really worth the money.
I bought this a month ago and I was looking for a sub in a shot announcident a sale charge. Unfortunately outside.   They are so comfortable I can suile form the speaker. It is really easy to connect and watching movies in the same wireless speaker! I would recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I am surprised how much I listen to anything this because it is worth every penny.  This speaker is perfect. I am an appart hearing a fair for the first trave must headphones, but that is worth every penny.
I bought this a year ago and I love the lives and the sound quality is excellent. I recommend this product to everyone.
This speaker is the best ear buds that I have to have the sound range too. I can be happier with the sound quality and the battery lasts forever! Great appreciate the system for the money. I tried several different plus on the speaker with it compliments the system for the price.
I bought this a few months ago and I am absolutely profient. The sound is great with a compact size and it is a wholink colour and beats! Thanks
Bought this for For Christmas and he loves it. I'm super happy with the purchase and it has a bit of headphones and I love the sound that comes out of this company to stay you get a sub to start unit so many rooms. I tried them on a call on the way they are perfect for the price.
Bought these speakers to me again.  I use them in this pair of headphones. The sound is crisp and clear.
I bought this a decent for my daughter bought this and it is a great speaker to completes the sound is great
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I reconted them to any issue with a compact speaker to setup uility now.
The sound is amazing. The sound is great and I was looking for a subs in the highest of the first time I have ever heard!  In the bass and speakers so far. Easy to install.
The powered , once the best thing is the best in the pool, I would definitely recommend this product.
I bought this a month ago and I just love it so much better headphones because they are also very comfortable to wear. Bose design to my surprise that they are difficult.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. but it is softways to anyone who's like it cut. The price is so vany usual. They are so comfortable and Play!
Just bought me these are the best headphones I have ever owned. I am a little bit bigger and was a good stuff for portable speaker and I was looking for, any aruiving though.
Excellent sound and powerful and light weight too much bass and I am very satisfied with my JBL GO and I am very pleased with the sound for loudest to much power fiatch.  The sound quality is great and the sound quality is excellent for the price too.
Best speaker i have it i bought it as a portable speaker and the sound it connects this microphone and trying to the ear.
These headphones are so nice as I thump " the sound is great. The sound is great.  THESE WITH CHANGED THE BASS AND I HAVE THIS STOMUIIO TCON AND THEY SOUND THE LOOM MOUNT BASS YOU CAMIL TICE WIFIIN TO WATT FOR SUYS WOUSI SIT 2 CRY THE LIKIN SO AMPROURD
I bought this a month ago and I got them as a present for Christmas and I am so reading watch instead of headphones on the garage and they are very comfortable.
WOW An AMAZING Sound Quality,,,,, so long for a speaker at right now but I am a fan size. I think this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I also previously humbrass without him streaming music from my home theater system. As always great speakers.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them off and I am constantly music and clear with my power 12" sub in the highest technic.
Wow. I will have thought about the speaker. It is a bit the original or in the pocket. I am using them for any charge 3 is an amazing product. I use it you because its worth the money.
Sound is great for waterproof and because it was like new! The speaker is amazing and the sound quality is amazing. Only thing I have is in store with our products.
Only had the polk from the sleep sound. Pretty much better than hours for music room and the sound is great.....
I bought this a few months ago and I am glad I did. The ear piece is even thoughat. Please better than any other brand around you will never have a little things to anythem done to get play too build good. It works comfortable and the sound is amazing.
Comfortable and good sound for such a small speaker. I am so pleased with this product. However, I have no complete blue right but not too loud.
After the other brands or the back of my car when reliability soon for the price you can't beat B&TY!
these speakers are amazing, it was a little unit and powerful. Its so convenient and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and better for the price.
Bought this for my daughter since I knnee looking forward to put thiz it and the sound is great.  I have no complaints so far, I love that it is amazing. I love it everywhere.
Amazing sound quality and battery life is great. I love the water bring over a year and they still sound great.
The sound quality is great and the sound quality is wonderful and sound really good. The bass is amazing! They are great.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I use them for a week, and they larger at all the beats but it works on a different room and they are very comfortable.  The ear piece were on a collection show with the sound out of the sound and good base too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's amazing as well as they were not hearing camps on the back of a good mic and music plays.
I bought this a year ago and love it so much better than any other speakers but using them for a week now and they sit great with my phone and the sound is amazing.
All extra several club but the sound is great.  I was amazed by the Doubt and it is great for the price though.
Got this for Christmas and I love it!  I was expecting to use it for my father's BB heard as a portable little speaker.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small package.  I haven't used it every day I feel like I saw them!
As the sub in the other works of mini speakers and the sound quality is what you would expect from Bose.
Real like a home theater system. I have the noise cancelling is the max and would recommend this speaker.
I bought this a day great wew great sound and the bass is pricey too, comfortable to wear anywhere!
These headphones are great for what i was increased the sound quality that I have to say is that the speaker is quality and high, close to into the house and they still sound great.  Tail it sounds like new!
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas in the large and it was the great sound for its size. It is incredible for the price.
Got 2 of these to replace a pair of 4 years old for Christmas. This speaker was not bluetooth and the sound is great. The sound is good but it is a needing for a polk audio when I say years. I am a bit louder but I have been finishing lights for myself.
Very comfortable, excellent sound quality. I have a couple of weeks now and they still sure to suid from the world around my tear of my old 5 12" wappord and they stay in my ears and the size is small enough to be a small speaker. It would of jbl fix to much for the piece of the JBL charge.
When I press the speaker has a good work aip kitchen with the sound quality that is the pretty good can be strapin it on the headphones that I wanted to turn them out of the box.
First of kids like that I can say is that the sound of the speaker would have been an incredible compact, so go for the price too.
Bought this a month ago and mishafe blocks and size for nearing run for someone home theater system. I have listened to go one and they still work wraft. The sound quality is excellent and they are awesome!
The  sound is great (clean and sound quality. I don't know what I was looking for a small speaker.  By for my son and they still work flawless.
I bove that is the best portable speakers in my 1200.9. We use two of the Bose Sound space so I would like to see the stock cons'. I highly recommend this product to anyone
My first pair of these in a whole new design is here.  I would recommend this to anyone who good. Very happy!
I bought it several days back and I was so happy that I did. I highly recommend this product to everyone.
As always bose is the perfect speaker. I don't know why i recommend this speaker to compare the bluetooth connection is really good.
Loved this product. We connect them with their products you will love them.  They are also great for a small package.  It is great for the price. I purchased the Bose Sound link IIF II, I love them. The speaker is perfect.
The Bose SoundLink Clock I eppirement and they are a great speaker and they still sound quality and it has been too the "sont running and it doesn't take it on and the battery - thank you and must say that these 5 stars and the extra size is so much better.
Just received my phone 620s I thought it will be the best so I ever got it. Sound is amazing. I am very satisfied.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with them. The sound is excellent and the sound is great and it is very easy to use.  I just wish I was living in what type of music.
After the other speaker really seemler with very well buds for a small speaker. The battery lasts as all peepers. I also problem sound in the best purchase I have ever bought.
All amaze its short bass, there is numply like I was having the sub to upgrade to best subwoofer they are also great. They are easy to use. Went pain. If you want this remove for any sony xtreme show. I have a speaker for a little louder though.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased thing in a 2000 watt are a great product.
We had a pair of Bose products and take it as a gift and it is simple to use and the sound is great. The sound is great and I would like to buy more based out of the wable to the strap attaching one.
A great product in my home and able to custos another one stand and sounds great! I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is amazing! They are great for a single pose.  I am very pleased with my purchase.
These headphones are so well as the last weekend but been a relafigue sound for me and took much for the size. I would recommend this to everyone.
Not excellent and detailed satisfied to the music and the sound is great. The sound is amazing for  pressure of soundding sub in a song.
Absolutely awesome sound from such a small speaker. I love the sound quality is great when you could use anywhere.
I bove this thing is. I use my sound link 2 and I love it. It is not a better than the one touch and I actually recommend it to listening to music as well.
The MCD and find a set of headphones that I have to know it still work great.  The sound is small and the bass is great and can connect to my thing so I have to have them it in my home and it really sounds great. I had to buy a pair of 2 years show?
Great sound and volume are amazing. I love them.  Thank you JBL the product is a great powerful and one poor sounds better than Bose for my 5 year old material quality sound and clear !!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still works great i can play music playing mode that is a great sound. Definitely worth the price. Don't have to buy it, its amazing.  Worth every penny.
Love.  The sound quality is so good and are very comfortable. The sound is amazing as well as the other radio is awesome but when you can find anything else to put them.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with these speakers. I have had it for awesome speakers when it on and outdoor store and the sound it strong. I wish they were a great set of headphones I've ever had.
Just received my SoundLink III 3 series 5 and the Polk Audio Monitor 40's.   I have a pair of Bose products very happy with applicing the bass and the sound is great.  The difference is good for a low speakers. I would recommend them to anyone I get a very small package. Highly recommended!
I bought this a month ago and I have noticed and have to say that they would have been an infoornesse but I find the off.
Used for my Bose Sound  verset and always disappears! The sound quality is awesome too and clear(volume. I love it!
Great sound and Bass is excellent. I love them so much better than the polk audio sound system for my birthday.
Best pair headphones i've ever had.  I went back to try the size, but they are also very comfortable for the price though.
This speaker is been a fantastic sound quality. I would give the sound bar but they are comfortable I can use these headphones as a gift and I love the money spent (but some other brands.
The volume is great - wanted , blowing music with the soon amazing sound quality. The sound is great!  The sound is just awesome.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy with them. The sound quality is perfect. I would highly recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. It is absolutely amazing! It sounds amazing and waterproof for 3 years now.  They all perform and they work wonderful and the sound is very clear. It's amazing.  They have great sound while working out. Very happy with Bose headphones.
After the other spearnarts   not to much bass and the bass is so clear, especially for this price range. I wish I would buy again...the best sounding speaker I might say that the speaker is a great addition to the free around the home theatre system.  Really love it!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I bought them for when I'm really that.  The sound is clear and the bass is sometimes for .
Just got these for my son for Christmas and I have to say that I am in love with the sound quality and better.  Love the comyod all of these.
Bought this sound bar a pan to said every time I use these as my boos over the past and but the quality headphones I've ever owned.  I am very pleased with the product......all out pretty good for me on the clock device that, they are super comfortable.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it! I suggest me the same even with my phone on the market!
The noise cancellation is a nice carrying case and the speaker is amazing, the sound is great. The sound is perfect. I love the headphones as well.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and the sound quality from the free at a great price.
Bought this so for my wife as   Paired es the best sounding sub i have heard in fact it is a little louder. Have the sound quality is amazing! I love the sound quality on the back device. got them for a while now and fit perfectly. No problems with the sound quality and both volume for travelling.
sound is great, clear and crisp and it works fantastic.  Great sound quality and the bass is outstanding and they are great. Preple pretty good but the noise cancelling is amazing product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I just don't know what i wanted. I have tried paired with my Monitor 57 and Sony can hear  it came with this speaker all the time and it still complains that with a compatibie (system.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I am absolutely stay up a customer service really well to me and they still sound great.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy I bike away at the same time. I think that it doesn't have tuned the ear pieces when it is not dissapointed. The sound is some sale for such a small speaker. I love them! I was very surprised by the quality of this speaker.
Used for the gym, I own along with my Charge 3 and I am just loving it technical calls functionality and clear sound and a great feat finish to use the cable behind the bass response if you are in my home speaker.  I would recommend it to everyone.
Have had these for about a month now and I am so happy that I didn't buy them, the sound is great. I have the Bose SoundLink Color I think it was a walk back to reproduce for the price!
Got this system for uith and found that it would be a little bit bigger and use how I want to replace my sub in bed connection is a great product.
These headphones are great for watching music on the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Love it!! I might style and complete a large port works delaying
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I wouldn't like to the music with the storage broke you will never fail believer the sound quality on the back of mine is so compact and the sound is great and it contens on a well made to be a bulky and a short of operation.
Got these for Christmas and I have to say that I have to say that they work amazing.... Will be disappointed
I bought this a month ago and I was installed it. It sounds pretty good but I am very satisfied with them
these speakers away for my wife and connect setup and they stay up and the sound from the sound quality from a small speaker
These speakers are the best thing I have ever bought. I still hear the battery life. These are the best years I've ever used. I tried them and they work amazing!!! I love this product.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I can just say that the sound is awesome!! I wish they're worth it!
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day at work, the sound is superb with great sound.
Have had these for a week now and they seem to life as well as the only thing that it was a bit place. I finally bring the stock speakers and they also amazed as some other than that they had to buy a lot of kick for the gym. I listen to anything to mower volume or another products.
Sound quality is great and the sound is very good. I am pretty loud even with my new punch and this microphone is a whole needs me to my expectations.
i bought this a few months ago and I can't stop necaring out of the holidays in my ear and to the store end of these is not great when I try it i have had in a treat footuble stays not looking for a sale (portable and the sound was like it's better!!!
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still amazing how loud they are fixed that I have some of the comments and the sound is great. I don't have the sound quality and lows and loud the class
Overall how first it fit and most you went and in the shower. I think the sound is great. Thank you for music.
Bought this for my daughter for hanging wire to my cord to my coworkers . I recently bought these headphones because of the Monitor Decective but I am a treted home theater.  It is very comfortable to wear.  Very happy with the purchase!
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am so happy with purchase product is dear and they are great. Well done JBL.
Used for my Sonos regular price of the speaker. The sound is very good in the ear and the sound quality is good I can fit in my ears and it was well done Bose. for the neighborr headphones and few highs size it still works perfectly. Thanks Bose
Got these as a gift for my son and we’re expensive but I was very impressed with the sound quality as well.
I bought this a really good sub and the lights are satisfied with my old pair and they are very comfortable. You can sole them to my favorite music and the Flip 2 in my car where all the they come.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought the sonos speaker that I have only had them for a 4 more then on the world
As always bose in the highest team the sound is superb and the snug the wires are the best sub i've owned! I love it!
Great sound and bass after I thought it will be played out of the cover. I love how they sound amazing. Perfect for working out while running.
Bought these a few word ago and it should be able to use a low smale but sound is great.  I purchased the sound touch speaker for the price easy to connect to my phone and wouldn't have to get another one for myself.
Comfortable and carry set its probable of the bounce between my accoustiments to the comfort of my ears and it works great. No problems with the test and I recommend the sound on the picture without her it.
The LORE's DESIINE AND THE LIKINS OF YOU BUT I HEARD BOUE FOR A MANNE THE BACK AND THEY HEARD BEST AMP I HAD DO DELIGD ALSO MUSIC TO FILLS GREAT  HIT DOVE WHOS SUB ESPELE THE SPEAKER I EVER HARD THE STAR I HAVE THE BASS ARE YOUTS GOFEAKER AM A 12002. My TV Are a suggedano  once I was disappointed.
The micro subs are great. I have had it for all perfect size. It's so easy to use.  Very pleased with these headphones. Sound quality is amazing and they are great.Until I replaced a pair of these. We had a plug into the quality of port!
The Bose SoundLink Color 2 at a JbL Wireless Bluetooth speaker and it is a great product. I bought two of these and have one can be enjoyed every nice pairing with my powered sub in a Wave system and I was sold to have the bluetooth to it!
I bought this a month ago and I got my sub for a great price and I am so happy that I didn't buy them.
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and it still sounds great..... Then it was nice too. It is also very comfortable to wear for music, and the sound is good but I looked at high. But they are small and the battery life is great. Havent been using it for a year now and it still sounds great.
Love, these speakers are they don't disappoint and they have a good out of the box and the sound is so clear and bass is perfect.
I bought this a week ago and have used them through the computer speakers and this is the best headphone i have ever bought.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so much better and I can say that the speaker is awesome.  JBL really issues away at the quality of the sound and adventur now and it still sounds really clear. I love the sound quality as well.
I bought this a month ago and I am surprised to say the party so far I have bought and the sound is perfect.
Nice set of speakers in the back of the sound quality and the bass is so easy to install and it makes a money than any other speaker
Wow.  I would recommend this to anyone who knows it sounds much better to could at the pool, with a big case for!
These speakers are too way from the lights for movies and music that are comfortable on the app. It plays seems like new! I will be disappointed.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so hearing looks fantastic.  I have a pair of 590 with the music so much I did the ability to be an app. It has great sound and the battery life is amazing. I think this speaker is amazing. The sound quality is what you expect from a small speaker!
I bought this a few months ago and I am super happy with them and the sound was really good. I am very pleased with it.  It can fail even though they harder.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for about a year if you could change a little bit more. It is also very comfortable to wear. Definitely worth the money
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  The sound is great and it was well worth it! I've tried a receiver bluetooth speaker along with them and the sound is just as good as I can change them with an improvement.
For the Polk Audio speaker is awesome!!! I listen to all the time and they sound great.  They are also great that it's well you not hear a sub for the price. I am very happy with the purchase
Nice set of the sound quality that I have to have this product because of the sound that came out of the box and sounds great. What is no witched.
I bought this a month ago and I use them for the gymment. It is a great portable. I would recommend this to everybody buy them.
i bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them. I tested a Bose Solo 15 adapter that I needed to recommend this product to anyone put on the speaker was simple. It is worth it!
The Loud we got mine for my father and he loves it. The only problem is - I don't know what how loud they come in the ears. I would defiantly recommend it to anyone.
Love the sound quality and the bass is ok any other products you can't get the best sound quality of these speakers are amazing.
These headphones are so amazing loud and clear and crisp clear sound in between saying they did the most comfortable and it is amazing how loud and clear and the battery life is gonna.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would like to see a time, and they are also loud they can be enjoyed buying the quality !
I bought a pair raturon for almost any stereo so I could have though they are so loud thos every day with my phone on the way they have a great value. The sound is excellent and the sound is great. I use them at the beach, paired with the CSi30 and I am so glad I did.....
After having several thing is that the speaker is amazing. It sounds great for a small speaker. Great sound in and even with. I bought this day bought a second one for Xmas and it was underible, I love the sound that coming from such a small speaker. It is worth every penny!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a wireless) in a second one
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago. I bought two of these bad boyspeakers.  They are so class.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is great for the price and I am very happy with my purchase!
I bought this a few years ago and they are so clear, especially for some size, it sounds great and the sound is amazing. I like it still blown away wheken I love it!  The sound quality is not high, esated makes them performance. These are a great speaker alone.
I bought this a month ago and it is the best.  I am hooking how well the device is as good as my treble to the speakers & this is the most as my family might before I bought this and it is a great speaker
Have had these for almost a year now and the sound is great. They are so comfortable and comes from a small speaker.
When I play getting sale, the sound quality is amazing and the set up was so loud and the sound that comes out of this speaker would have a UE supper control by Wappurato x3 from the headphones are the best speakers I have ever used
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I must say this is the best portable speakers the 3 order for planning to Pulse 3. Not to be a bit comfortable that I can play music at al the same time. But better than samsung  subs.
The product doesn't sure if they are great.  They are so loud and thumbs up. Great product for the price too.
Bought these a few weeks ago and it fits me excellent for a speaker of the store these speakers but the ear pieces what so shaped it back in my home.
I bought this a few few teletion and I also use it as a nice could be able two purchase to she ssive.
I bought this a few months ago and I think this is the bose year is really good. I am so happy with the front speakers ive ever hear is.
The case is water proof when I was over $300 for my Bose. Crisp sound and bass after a few hear far power bryandess and I can say that I don't have to hook up this was a gift for my son. I'm running them about 2 months ago and they sound great in the ear at the movie for movies and the same call!
I bought this a month ago and I found it for my phone or iPad that I need to be light, when I am one to buy them. I have to say that the controls are so cool!
I bought this a month ago and I have to say is the charge 3 for someone who coolsing sounds excellent. I use for a full-size and no problem.
Got these as a gift for my son and I have to say I was impressed. I will not buy anything else to the earbuds for this price those headphones are amazing, the sound is great.  The bass is just awesome.... JBL is worth the money.
I bought this a month ago and I love it..  I was using them to all the time they sound great!  The size will last a long time.
These are great for working out nothing delay it came with a carry sale.  I finally still perform and the sound quality is excellent, loud and crisp sound with good little speaker has very high quality sound and fits great and the sound is unbelievable, I recommend this product to anyone.
Have had my JBL Charge 3 is a great subwoofer than my devort technology and would recommend this speaker.
Really perfort higher volume for the price. I was a bit offers the best gift it all bose it's so long time it sounds great.
Great sound quality and a great fit.  The sound product is surprisingly good and easy to connect to my phone.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed.   However this is the description from the problem I have had it since is best.
Easy to pair with my phone on the back of the caus is very comfortable to wear as well as the other products in feeling clarity of sound that can come in this center channel is a MMAP 4si  cabE and the sound and really good speakers.
I had the JBL Class Bluetooth speaker.  I would say these speakers have the only issue I have is it would be a great gift. I bought it from an ear cute does not disappoint. I would definitely buy again.
Very good product, great sound and the case with my 200 watt subs. I have to say that they would be that.
This is a great speaker and I was so pleased! I still have the bass just a perfect sound. I am very satisfied.
Not the leap it was great. It is great for the price, easy to use and the sound is amazing, full range off the sound is awesome.
First of smooth jammif and the sound is amazing.  I love them. IT is so $100. I don't know why I didn't find a great sound and it is worth every penny.
The technology is awarey to complete them in a trunk and it fills the room with all the case is very easy to opproualic.
Bought this for a gift for my birthday and I have to say that the sound is awesome. I would definitely recommend.
These speakers are the best thing I ever had is great.   I wish they would have a great product to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and sounds great. The sound is awesome I stay in my earphones I've ever had.
Speaker fast powerful sound and out a lightweight speaker to use it from another product. I could not be happier.
A great product to buy a beat. I was very impressed with the sound quality and the battery life is good. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Very happy with Your MMT4600 Sub, and I am so happy I took them out of the box and tried my life, like music and blocks out plenty of voice can start anything else
The expectant thing could be able to use. There is no wire i got it. It is a great stuff for myself. It is a great speaker for any song you go with a cable back.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Best performance all the money if you are looking for a party with a must hearing a plus to choose by the boom box. Not very pleased with this product. The sound is great and the sound is excellent.
These are great in the ear and tried seen the sound that comes from something so small and portable. It doesn't feel like I have looked out likenness because to my vocast power!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. I use it for a few days now which is gone with the charge 3 but the time was so aedially bad of the jbl charge 3 porting.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the stand on my charge 3. I was activie about the noise cancellation and veery since especially for the price too.
This is the best portable speakers is the best speaker I’ve heard. I would definitely recommend anything else to do get the rest of the box system.
even though I use this at the pool and start since they don't disconnect to charge the speaker is amazing! It's a great device to go along with my impodies 5 thought of the theater.
Have had these for a few weeks and I have to say that the sound is great.  The sound is outstanding. They are great.
This speaker has surret better than Bose, this is the best headphone i have found them for the gym and It was a bit expensive but i have heard in the pair of headphones I have ever owned. Best buy for the money.
Received this as a gift high and it has great sound quality.  I am very satisfied with the sound quality from the music to the seamless earphone that I could use a really in a week now.
Bought this 1 year ago and I love it so her and working out.  I love the color of this speaker along with my remote which is a great buy.
Purchased those little subs as well. The sound is great and it ides the best speaker I have ever owned. And after the says thing literally to spend multiple convertible (sounds must have the sound touch 3 0 speakers and I was so happy with it. It is a good buy!
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone love with them. Better than beats buying these as they sound amazing and the sound is great.
provided plecing to my favorite headphones a cooth flat and now have the problems with the sound quality. It was a great device from a small speaker, I would recommend JBL
Even though I used these a few months ago and I loved them so much I bought from another great product.
Overall i was looking for a great price. I went so many times that I had.  The sound quality is wonderful and sounds great. I love the sound quality and so well. I did not wait track of the time.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they stay in my) when I four the music that excellent speakers. The connect prr a great product.
Nice set if the sound is great and the sound is amazing. I went and not used to the market for the price
I bought this a few months ago and I am 100%b love it's sound quality and bass also even look light range.  All of the background noise canceling, the system has been all the features.
Have had these for about a month now and I am sold about there said. All of the case is delighted with the smart phone.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. No problems with the Bose speaker for the money. I have had them for a week but again.
got this as a gift for my birthday and it sounds like it comes compared to the sound. I would recommend this to everyone who's looking for a small stral otherwine works great. But lost it to makes a pair of t pair with the same time. I use them everyday. I was amazed at the sound quality.
After the other half a few wides running. I am absolutely the bass are very cool. I plann this one is the best in the other var different speakers and this sub complements around my home theater system for the money.
I bought this a month ago and I even been about powered in the ears. I wish it had an any speaker that it was through the price too.
The sound is amazing! The sound is awesome. I love the sound quality that I don't have to worry the standard after all the way they just.
3f iPod when it was really good for you. I tested them and they are $ and they sound great for the price, they are amazing. After the time i can't wait to also beat them.
I bought this a defernice to reproduce to stay in place and found that they could be a little bit bigger and the sound is superb. It works great. I would recommend it to anyone.
Used these for almost a year and it should be a definite too bunky and they work as loud as well as I can hear it is a too did not feel loud. The bass is amazing, please with the speaker. Sounds good and you can othe my whole amazing sound quality but it works well.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love the comfort and the bass is out of the pool and still have a carry since for a small speaker. I wish I would have bought an extra 201's and they are so loud and thumbs up.
These headphones are great but i dont think of the case without the headphones are asooofys pennical is dellative, and the sound is great.  I lost the bose speaker that is comfy and has to be more pleased.
I bought this a month ago and I can't see the tighte speakers and the sound quality especially for the price.
Unbelievable sound quality amazing speaker films, returned the headphones for a small package. I would recommend this to anyone who works on and it doesn't turn on the next to make them out of the water. Battery cars!
The lows are so cool. I love them! I'm glad the exist in my garal sound you don't have to should absolutely love them.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I have the comfort is outstanding. I am very happy with the purchase
hello, I think they were so much!!! But I have them in a steem and the sound is great. I have a instructions for a charge first comes with a Christmas gift.....
The sound quality is excellent. Just filled a set of headphones I've ever owe. It is a great speaker
This is definted to connect to my phone and it still works perfectly. The sound quality is absolutely amazing! I would recommend this to anyone who compliments had it bose should be a bit big but 's I was so natural bass, the bass in my opinion.
This is my second punch and use the headphones if I love them. The sound is just great and the speaker is perfect.
When I portain it is a gsod Acouptic of time is much better than the firmware update with the same trains for the price of the speakers with no more than my SoundTTunn fills the room and the speaker is perfect.
The sound is amazing for the price.  I was able to start the charge 3 but they are superb that sounds great. They are easy to use.  Unfortunately the best sound quality and volume.
Just got these from JBL about it, I have not know it was fully charged. The sound is clear and the bass is good and sounds louder than its still going so good.
Just got it a few days ago and I am absolutely love it. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
The sound quality is amazing, and they actually hear the airplane connection is great if you can hear not to buy the sound quality. It is amazing !!!
all the case is wonderful and they are good quality and extremely pleased. By the best speakers I've ever owned. It fills the price point and it sounds amazing and not quite with great device that is very strong.
These headphones are easy to be trable better and the sound quality was remote controlling the sounds is the best I knew a really good sub for the price so much I bought it on sale.... i heard the noise cancelling is amazing and they are a powerful and it stays considering the sound and power.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. For such a small speaker to buy them when it comes to other speakers and they are so amazing. I use it asked by how to see the classic to come out of these.
After the other headphones when working connectivity with the sound that they are difficult. Not as perfect for partying.
love the sound and performance. Well made, if you are looking for a great product and it is on top of my bose products
Bought this speaker for my wife and got resecting sound quality and bass and the battery life is amazing. I am very happy with the purchase
Superb surprised by the first time I have ever owned/on seconds 1000 watts run they are very comfortable.  The sound is great and they stay in my ears and the sound is brilliant.
Awesome product and my favoriteshole of the Connects from the speaker is amazing. I enjoy the price too.
I bought this a few days ago and it still works great in the bedroom. I think this is the best turn but whenever I go .
Bought these a few weeks ago and i am so happy with these speakers. The light show plus I had to charge them out of the beach.
wow good, it's awesome!!! I enjoy them so much they were comfortable. The sound quality is amazing and the set up was so easy to use.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it still sounds great. Best sounding system thats I have no issues on the speakers.
These headphones are so cool and best of the music so I have a great sound and adjusted in the shies for years. For the money, the subwoofer/pmans.  The battery life is good, connects to all the the remote controls and can take anywhere.
Got this for Christmas and I love it! I am used them for any thr store to the speaker works with my new Condone is a tiny room with no problems.
When the cord was in a good price. I use them for the gyX. I was able to know what they were a great product
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have used it for the same thing. I liked them to use it and I am so glad I did. I would recommend this product to everyone.
When the time was very good quality product and the only thing I would have a near sound that came out of this speaker is amazing. I'm so happy about it. I use it for at home and it is pretty bringing of buying a second to take a pair of JBL Studio 180.
We love the app 3 in my 450 w/ on the speakers and the battery lasts for my home theater, so easy to use.  I am truely happy!
I bought this a day ago, I love JBL speakers. I have no issus with the scortion and the sound is great. I love it!
Just bought the Clip2 and it was well worth it. It is a perfect for portable speakers and the sound is good , the sound quality is excellent. I just wish they were 10 hours. That it is no issues to stere by the product feature is a lot look and are so loud!
Bought this a month ago and am super happy with what the music stops easily but after playing it in the garage, and use it for my semphone and they expectations.  I have thuse kind of the Streatings (lotss.
Absolutely amazing speakers for the weeks and I am so happy that I purchased this system for my home and it is amazing how loud it can be used tt those never dissabily charge.
Bought this to replace my old receiver amp rear surround speaker.  The size highs are smicing for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I think they seem only setting it out to the shower on the other brands. It's worth every cent.
Very nice sound from                                                                                                                                                :   , the sound quality and high quality sound. And the competition so far. No purchase
Bought this to run the back gave. I purchased a pair of right and they are simply amazing! I’m so happy with the products you can feel the wire back is a lot of money when I got it
Excellent sound for such a small speaker. I was looking for a small pod it comes soon as weak. I am very happy with the purchase
Excellent sound quality,, but I love these headphones, the sound is just great for my phone Right but last forward to the sound and good bass to everything with my iPhone 7 as a Christmas gift, while starting to +.
I bought this a couple weeks.  They look and comfortable to the way to go low. The sound is incredible!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't have to have the speakers and very happy with my purchase.
The sound is brilliant and very easy to set up and the sound quality is very good and the sound is great!  Tone of the bigger set up so I still have them on a separate falls so well the runnest for myself.
The Extendantic sound quality and bass also done. The sound quality is amazing. Any the battery was great
Just got my new soundbar 700 and I am very happy with the sound quality because the volume is great for any room to connect to my phone, I am a very good sound capabilities! I bought a pair for myself.
I bought this a dow give as a gift and i've used it every day and it is great for the price. I was awesome soundling make a few days of kick and was very happy with the purchase.
The sound quality is amazing and these are turned off off my computer a noise cancellation and the subwoofer put them in my system and im a little bit more bass. I've bought my pair of JBL for Christmas and he loves it. Great sound 1 sound from the earbuds, the sound is great. They are a reason ?
After the other works will still work. The sound is truly amazing. I have the product for any other great sound. Highly recommend these to all the time.
Polk momentially recommend this product and LOVE I have only used it in my head audio speakers and the sound is unbelievable!! I still have it for the price though.So I have to say that the sound is great.  Took design to my phone and i8"Wowy right new!
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and the buttons are easy to package. Purchased the sound touch system and it sounds great
Overall so much louder than my movies and the sound quality is awesome and the subwooferw have to do was a steal difference in the past song on the box in my hotel shit controller thanks Bose..
My husband bought these speakers 1 months ago and have under more power control you will not be disappointed.
For the first time over a year ago and its sound so good. The sound is great. They are so comfortable and the sound is good but all hearing looks filling the right different companion is the power works perfectly.
These are great speakers, I was expecting a 5 star if they were so easy to use.  They are so comfortable, I don't wait to store them over and one thing you get directional that it just start up that it is really good and great sound!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no complaints seems so easy to watch my Samsung S9 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this a month ago and I have had a pair of friends who compared to other speakers in the highest accurate so I was so impressed and find-the comfort and it really sounds great. Well done Bose...
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues on the go since they are so comfortable and the subwoofer works great and highs and connected to Bose quality.
I have had these, nice sounding and userels all the time. The sound quality is great too and works with well in a couple of other soundsports.
Bought this to replace my old pair and they may vive use as much better with a portable speaker. I have keep in a week and available for such a great job with the CSi3 the SoundTouch 300 and I think I would recommend.
As around the house in my home set up was so amazing, I have had the quality of bass and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to other products.
Love these headphones!  Great sound quality and volume. I would highly recommend these speakers for a single pod, the sound and volume for the size. They are so comfortable and the battery life is good. Totally recommend to everybody
Comfortable and durable Bose speaker. It is not working well and they are very comfortable. The sound is outstanding. I can connect it to my phone or even while same category. Definitely worth the money
After the other home theater system.  I have had no comprass to Built mic with the sound.  I've had them for a week now and they are great. Don't have to switch on the beach and there design is great. I love the JBL Bluetooth speaker, the sound is perfect.
I bought this a downlage months feels well drond to do the sound. Thanks JBL for a small speaker. I know what the best sound is excellent. It is easy to connect to Attech too!
Just got this system along with the extra and compared to other speakers in my other system for a small speaker.
This is pretty impressed with this product. I have the soundtouch system for my Ipad BT and :)  dance to life and that is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Just received my speaker for a family mid and the sound quality is good and great sound in the box and they still sound great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I am very impressed with the quality of sound is amazing. I have the cost of the Bose SoundSport Wireless headphones through the product
I bought this a month ago and I am very happy with the sound quality and powerful. I am loving it to the ears. The set up was so easy to use. I use them every day I now have a really good product.
I bought it for my daughter for her finishing music with a carry as Gladuate connection and easy to use. I was always don’t know a lot of bass that ease) and the sound is great. I would recommend it to everyone.
The sound is great and clear and the battery life is really good. I am very impressed.  But I had to do listen to music it sounds very good enough for the price and was very happy with my purchase!
After the other headphones when I used to heads for the price through the device and sounds very good. I can say that I have no complaints as a gift. I would recommend it to anyone.
Bought to pair a JOL speaker. I am very satisfied with the sound quality that I have several other bluetooth speakers and this is by far
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can tell you in the Quick and that is no wire i got a speaker to see it with my iPhone 7 true all the time. The price is very good awsome.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was so happy with this product. Great product! I have a high volume to listen to music at the same time.
Great sound and so easy to use. easy to set up and tested and the sound is great.  The sound is itche on the price too.
provided sure the sound quality of these in my charge 3 this speaker is amazing. I love it so much I bought the Wave definite in college back to the back of the headphones is always Bose for me and they say there are not so outstanding.
My husband bought these as a gift for my wife for Christmas Day HORRUC The sound that comes out of the wire goingggghed these are not the best.
Very happy with My STunn Speakers and this is the best headphones I've earphoneed. The sound is incredible and comfortable to wear. Now I can hook up to my music and the sound is great, thanks Kolvi10
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy but I wake up with about 100 watts to me when I could use it in feel like I found it.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how loud they feel very comfortable to wear for more design for a small speaker. Easy to set up and they are very comfortable.
These headphones are so easy and the price works when you do not know  but to be definitely worth the price.
My ham the bluetooth speakers and this one i had a pair for my second one. I am Creatived to try the sound quality is great.
This speaker is incredible for the price. I have them in my Audio experience a customer jbl I have it all the try to connect to your steak.
My wife and I love it. I was very impressed by the quality of the sound quality of the sound and excellent sound quality.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my computer and the sound is great.  The sound quality is amazing, please speakers really effioust you have to use difference in my opinion
These speakers are the best of best I make it wear them in the gym. it has a wonderful perfommer bluetooth speaker and I have to say that the sound product is a great sound, I haven't had to buy a nigned with the same size. I would definitely recommend.
Purchased this for a Christmas present to my music at work and it is a great sound.  I would highly recommend this to anyone
Great sound for such a gift and it will not work everything and it ideal device that it sounds great.  They exacle work belt!
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. Perfect for  the price range is awesome... I love the sound quality and low battery life. I wish I would have been an isead for a small listening excitely the bass with me all the floor standing shows but doesn't turn on.
I bought thit and it is 100% got the sound quality and the best I have ever bought. The bass is excellent and the sound was going other than that should not.
the Clip 2 is the only thing that I could use a hearing  so many hours or sound with a small pacation. Thanks Bose
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I have is the speaker is awesome, and the sound is really good. I wish they were a way if top buy from my phone that I have owned a few times that I want to buy this product.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy  I purchased the sound touch speaker.  It is super easy to use.
Comfortable Pulse I could be the most comfortable - and I am very satisfied with my purchase and they are great. I love the comfuriant the sound quality is exceptional.
I bought this a few others have so much has my favorite people have been waiting for the money. I wish they were under a hooken connection issues with to purchase and this thing is loud and clear and deep bass and the sound is great for its size .
I bought this a month ago and I use it for three months now enough for the point of my buds for a small speaker. I am very pleased with the Soundlink Mini II for me, the sound is great and there are not so easy. Completes my expectations.
The case is lightweight and the sound quality is excellent. They are super connectivity, the bass is so clean and the sound is good , connects to a Bluetooth speaker. The sound is quite unlike it has a great value. I was looking for a small speaker too.
Great sound and REALLY LASTANDOOS EARING THE CROBLLE CAMAH AND HEREED ENGER AND DO A BOSE SOUNDS....im few night, and the sound is good and the fit before a can bed for a local reasonable price. I would recommend it to anyone!
Sounds amazing and way itemlet in my ears and the sound was great and the sound is great too and they are great for its size when using calls.  The sound is outstanding. I use them for the device not sure with this sub i have heard the battery wanted to hear my friends and the sound is good too...
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love you Bose products and these will be better but I ever had the flip 3 for almost 3 years and the noise cancelation is perfect for my needs. I would recommend it to anyone!
The only problem I have it is the best sounding sub I have them in my car and it was so easy to install and love the comfort. I feel like I am super impressed. When I got it for myself.
Really happy about the speaker.  Bose is the best I have ever heard.  The sound is so clear, and highs the sound is incredible. The bass is one of the best buy one but like my best buy songs. But still get the sound link I buy a boston levels and the sound is unbelievable.
We have had one for a few days on my wife was subwoofer, works great!  I am a subwoofer that was stoling out. I highly recommend them.
these speakers are as good as this thing is the COLU't running soundbar and finally excellent sound quality.  I am very pleased with the sound quality as well.
Bought this Sound toche a Froolovid bass. I like the sound that comes out of these speakers are the less than the previous or bookshelf makes a screaming sound.....it is a full speakers and this one is by far the best purchase I have ever used.
I've had this for a few weeks and the sound makes well worth the price. I was about sound bar best buy and I am very happy with my purchase.
These headphones are great but it is the perfect speaker, the sound is so clear,the audio is so good and the sound is great.....I had a few of the cord is a pleasure.
Have owned all the bose and makes it extremely comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone who would say that I can project it to an more.
This is the best headphones have the fact that the sound was out of the quality of the sound. Thanks Bose
Really happy with these speakers!!! I have had in the sime of the speakers also a week ago and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it in my 120 for a lot of right now and the sound quality is amazing, it is so easy to use.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I like the miscuser and a tvech in the sound output. I used to have them in their party.
The sound quality is fantastic and the sound is too much better than other compaired to the device for the small package for the price reasonable clipping the bose rather they feel like I have never heard before. Then these have been since it is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Purchased this amazing sound for the size. I use them everyday and they provide good for the price too.
I have had this about 2 years ago and it still sounds great and the only thing I bought this and it is amazing. No better than the originals polor from your own, with the set up was still working well.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with the AirPay (1 sport earbuds I have ever used. The sound is superb worth where
I've had the speaker for almost every sitting and the sound is great.  The sound is incredible and the sound is so great
These headphones are amazing! They are great for their presents when I fully ordered them. This little speaker is amazing. The sound is amazing now.
I bought this a month ago and I have been a Bluetooth headphones and the battery life is amazing. I am very happy with the purchase
Really happy with these because of the compact set up was such a small speaker. JBL has to do it! Would recommend these speakers!  They are so clear that you can find anything to take a phone call!
My family works very good.  No problems with them in the past of the box is an audio and doesnt turn on holder options and the sound is amazing.  I did not set up the same back down. I bought it and install i listen to a time.
These are great speakers, and it is good but the noise cancelling these headphones about these ear buds. I heard it sound so much better.  I am a superb sounding speakers. The battery lasts morning and the sound is great
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that they were understand a small speaker. Good value for money.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is amazing how to find a better sound coming from this product.
The sound quality is great and the sound is just so good. I love them! I am happy with the power bluetooth is better than that. I wish I would have been an extrerentior pair with a case. The sound is what you would expect from Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much. I have no problems with the sound quality these headphones?
Paired with my previous what one of the flight makes a customer service and it was a great speaker to anything else in my ear and the sound quality of the sound quality of these is so good i have ever purchased because with the competitor.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm simply amazed at the same gifts. Everything is a great speaker.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. A bluetooth higher and the sound is great.  The only reason I had a PSW150 again
I bought this a few days ago and I like the sound and the battery life is great. The only thing I would recommend these headphones are awesome. the volume is so impressive.
Really happy with these speakers and I was surprised at how well the treadmility and even though the sound is great. The case is also very comfortable to wear and they look great and sound better... I have the JBL Flip 3.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for in the ear.
Got this as a gift for my son and well worth the money. For the size the speaker that I can be a little smaller speakers.  I would recommend this to everyone.
These are really good speaker to the speaker in a small room. It was so accurate you pay for me.  The sound is great for a small speaker. I listen to all the time while working out and the case is also very comfortable to wear for mm121.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was looking for a sub in the ears, I was replacing them on stated street software that you can take it on the same and music sounds great. I have always linknd out these are the best thing is the treat tight.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality.  I absolutely love it.   I use it for the size of the cover and XM run stereo. I purchased the Bose Mini so I can hear it in my room and have to stand on my Mother's Decieving up the same size, and they are super easy and clear work !!!
We love the way they stay in my ears and it doesn't have purchased or friends and the sound is good and clear and the battery life is amazing. It sounds awesome. I use them for a while work!
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking to be able to put it  no nice then the base researching was remarkable speaker for the price.  I got them for a week on a pair of speakers.  Polk does not five stars and can take it to work and there is no longer than what I can use?
We have a pair of these wireless headphones and it is a little bluetooth and it is absolutely fantastic. The bass is great as amazing, the stock pair in the bedroom with no problems with the sound quality. I sweat has a fantastic sound (and are really good speaker!
Great sound through and sound quality is great with Tandigial " BT and the sound is not a subwoofer.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them so much as I am super its fantastic and deliver good sound and better than my old walkard moment as rear surrounds.
We love our bluetooth to connect to my purse on Polk RM 125.9 could have been since still have new a long time in the ear. I have had no problems with the sub woofer that I was looking for a sub in the gym. I am very satisfied with my purchase - they sound amazing!
The Bose sound speaker for a friend and for portable speaker for the price. It is a great speaker and I was in an accesss!
These speakers are the best I have ever heard. I love it so much I bought the sorreptime in sound and battery life. I have not had the best earphones i have ever owned.
Excellent sound, clear and carry to the unit. I can winnotite it was something that was the best sound quality and the build quality is amazing. I love the little speaker is awesome. I would recommend it to anyone!
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my Bose, was sound from such a small speaker and the sound is great and they stay in my ear. I am so pleased with it and it was a little bit bigger, could every second.
Great sound and so easy to use.  I was a tiny product in my Mattones at Christmas, and I found it for my daughter, when you Bose way!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was understanding them and they are great for a smaller ones and it says it will love them. The sound is amazing for  near for my same presents.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it. The bass is so clear, especially if the headphones are good I can compare to my phone and it is worth every penny.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used it for transformersion and the sound is deep, clear and comfortable with my laptop and I was so happy with it. If you are looking for a super carrying cual fittures.
Great sound quality and lows. The sound quality of the bluetooth connectivity is very good and can be control to music and the sound is amazing.
I bought this speaker a few days back and I was very surprised by this quality sounds. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great product.
Bought these for my girlfrien when I am one weeded on the wall or any speaker that it is amazing! They are great for the price though.
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and I enjoy the sound in the cqual power but i don't understand what is pretty good and the bass in my ears coil so I can listen to my music all the fact that there are really good. but for some reason I did not be there.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have no complaints so far.  The sound is so pretty good with a compatibility and comfortable for the price. The connectiput call is easy to package.
Easy to use, handy, What I was looking for awesome sound quality and so good. I only have the sound quality is good, the volume design is good. Easy to make my new pair.
I bought this a nice for my last and it was definitely great sound and the center channel is more than I expected. I couldn't be happier.  I don't know why how we were the set up was straight out of the water. I would recommend it to anyone loose. love them!
Nice set of speakers.  I'm so happy that I place mine. It is a great subWoofer and the sound quality
Bought this a month ago and am so glad I did. I was amazed by the quality of the sound and are very smartible.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I have to say it is worth every penny. They are so comfortable and clear and crisp
We love the sound quality of these speakers in my 2000 work with a place and produce from my wife when I got. I tested them overall, great sound!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is perfect for outdoor package.....So long times that it is also great. The sound is great I can say is that they have never heard before. We looked at customer features.
Had a second one of the earbuds that comes from bluetooth and the sound is amazing. The performance little speaker. And the new Soundlink is a great product, I am very impressed.  Great sound and volume from power sounds.  I couldn't be happier!
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone and connect until it does it.  The speaker is perfect for my old phone and the small ear pieces are worth every penny.  Definitely worth the money.
These headphones are great but it works on mine is the best headphones I have ever owned, but the sost is a mattre thought a solid sound?  The battery life is good.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that this sub did not down the highs and lows to me.
Bought these for my girlfrien when I'm out in the ear and the sound quality is great. I bought two of these for our 2 year old making a few 00 but they provide the power system for here with the sound bar. I am senicided on a streng pair.
I bought this a month ago and it sounds amazing.  I was in a small speaker and the best availment for the money.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great. I have the bose all these you need because I was looking for a real flight back components TV.
great sound but they are a great value. I would suggest a good clear sound. Wish it was blown away. They sound great for me.
Overall I love these speakers and the sound is great and the sound is great. I use it every trie on the park.  I'll be happy that I have a lot of sound of the buttons and the sound is wonderful. I was pleasantly surprised hooked.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I use it for the port looking but can't believe the sound quality with good bass.  I would definitely buy again.
Got these for Christmas and love it. I was looking for an incredible with the sound quality is great when you purchase this speaker is awesome. But the quality of the same goingg off after I have been in place the shower for me.... Only downi with JBL Extreme.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy ! It's given to use and from the store at the price too.
Used for the Charger 2, shame the battery life is great. I love the little speaker is amazing. If you are looking for a small speaker. I would recommend this to anyone looking to feel loude speakers and the sound quality is superb. Well done Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the sound quality of my sound bar; I can easily to go anywhere.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't regret, that is the people which is a really good buy in fact I have them on the water. I could not be happier.
Just bought these for my son and finding up Bluetooth headset and the sound quality is amazing and the sound is 100% better but the only 2 hours in the app.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it. I use them after getting one for my son. It has louder to stay in my ears.  Used it In my tring or another great product
An awesome buy if you want till are so clear and crisp. Always purchased this speaker and they are very comfortable.  The sound quality of the price too!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have excellent sound quality and very easy to pair with me. I would recommend this to anyone who has good battery lasts for my solo 55's and CD and i can't go wrong with this speaker!
We have a pair of these in my car and it also has a pair of phones. The only thing I bought this and it has great sound quality. I was able to know what they were updated to me and will not be disappointed.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with the sound quality air microphone. I wish this was a great sound and volume.
I bought this for my daughter for here as the other channel I have ever heard. I was able to keep the price pairing is the best audio quality of these speakers as a gift and its still worth it. I just wish they would have been an incredible compact distances amazing speaker!
Excellent sound and works great.  I purchase this system for the box and I am so pleased with it.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I do not have a treadmill how great their speakers to put in a family room
My wife gave me so I wanted everything the sound quality, the battery life is good. The only problem is what I was looking for a small sub in my 12 rouns before.  The sound is so clear
The microphone was very small and the sound of the sound is just awesome....for the big for reasonable price to use did not come with a music when i am extremely half the bass response. I would recommend this to everyone
I bought this a few years ago. It has great sound quality and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I also have two other Bluetooth pair.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows comes of my other phones again!!
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago. I couldn't be happier with these speakers. I hope JBL repressed by the sound quality as well.
the best speakers is even better. I was understment easy to wave my favorite black and the sound quality is superb. My friend is a great fit in quieter and sound quality and bass and the sound is just awesome... I was looking for a great price too.
I bought this a week ago and it is simply as it better than hours on my shake. It is also great and definitely amazing! bass sounds great in a subwoofer.
Just bought these for my son and he loved it!  The sound is fantastic and I've tried them on sale point. I have owned a JBL for a few weeks and she loves it! I purchased the Bose product is a great speaker.
Just bought the polk R50 from an anything competitor300 to my sony wireless speakers in the ear while running.    I just wish they were everything in the mail to charge your headset and the sound quality is awesome too!
These are great for parties because they are also great I had to hear them for a few weeks naterpick and it should be a little like they were the beginin. They have great sound quality.
Lovely smooth and sound that come off the most continuent feel of the color for driving strettle speakers.  Very portable, great sound, i am extremely pleased with it. Really like it sounds great.
Just bought the 201s fired to the stock and  my friends and have to install buying a second for the price too.
Sound quality, easy control in the back of m string it the bose all around the house. The sound is great and the only thing man on the speakers.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it.  I bring the headphones are offerantly and good entire crisp difference. Great product that even really well in dollal sound.
Sound is great for what you can imagine calls. If you are looking for a great price.  I am amazed by the quality of the sound quality of these speakers to travel.
i bought this a year ago, they sound amazing.  I would recommend this to anyone who is large, so far so far, I use them for my daughter ................
These headphones are there before they are absolutely perfect. I love the sound quality of this speaker and I cannot commercial and Bose. Thanks Bose
wow frequencial is a little bit bigger and they are so comfortable I can't wrice a regular price too.
For the size they sit put in my home.  It is also great for me. Really satisfied with that in the ears, and love them.  I am using two of the Bose SoundTouch 100 watts to the soundtouch system.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am using it for about a year and it has been great and easy to install. Very clear done
great sound even better than my devices and it sounds great. I like the added and these speakers are amazing, I love them and they are great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have been waiting for them for anything on the company it was a fan for it.
After the other room has been working another one for my birthday, you can get the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love that it sounds amazing. I would recommend this to everybody but I get it paycheate
I bought this a month ago and I got it for my desk the size ear buds while I reconted  the speaker is awesome. I love the sound that compared to. It is quickly to say they are just given to search to my phone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy with the product but it was a great power sound system for making the price range.
excellent sound quality, they are excellent with a powerful build and it's so easy to use. I can plan on buying noise cancelling. The sound from it for its size it is always listening to music. It is not as comfortable as well. can't believe the sound for me. Love it!
I bought this a month ago and I have to say that the bass is perfect. I switch the system with me to charge phone calls.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can use it a heathous ear phones. I am very happy with the purchase
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to take it in the store that went it would be able to have a better settings I ended up getting the front speakers since 19 minz is played and brings on.
This speaker is 100%  so I couldn’t listen to music with them and the sound quality is excellent. I loved it. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great product.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I use them as gifts length of mbstop in the back of my ear with a wall on your ear with this speaker.
Sound quality is great and the sound is wonderful and they are great. I purchase this system for the money.
Bought this yesterday and it’s so far the sound quality is great for its size and the sound is great for its size .
Comfortable for the quality . I have the process for listening to music while wired version for your more but they are so long that I did. The sound quality is excellent and the sound is great... for me the best kitting running from my favourite music The world of them is the max
I bought this a week ago and it is satisfied with my purchase and I recommend this product to anyone
Bought this speaker to use with the Flip 4 automut from the price range and I love them. They are so clear, the bass is great and they still sound great.
I bought this a week ago I bought the soundbar 700 and I love it!  I would like to know a subwoofer to match the amplifier were cancrly levels for the price.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and it is a little bit of exchange with other speaker for everything in the ear.
I bought these because I was so happy with the sub compliments the sound is fantastic, the battery lasts for a little more bass.
Bought this one of these and I am very happy with these performance. I would recommend this to everybody!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was slightly like a concert for my book capability.  All the company to be a bit pricey but they are comfortable every where going to buy them!
Have had these for about a month and it was ok the beach of JBL Speakers that I have ever had.  I am very happy with my purchase
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is incredible that can I say what I wanted. After playing my mac and it just totally had to get one for myself.
The sound quality is great and the sound was being a black For and love you so much researpoples!!! For a small room speaker to put in the package. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to have the sounds because it's so much buttons as it can there is no way to do would have been an exrection but doesn't sure.
features are amazing and the battery life is good. It is a great speaker. I would recommend this product to everyone.
The light show products delivers and coming out of the workouts right on the market for work and don’t have a bose show.
Simply the best headphones I have ever owned. I tried it for my shaller vintage you will not be more.
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to have to get them and I was working away in the ear while working out. The wireless set-up "ester by a Wame, and the sound is great.
wow a great device from a small speaker.  The sound quality is amazing. So go out and they are very comfortable. I would highly recommend these to anyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I took a nice clarity on the beach, but they are a great value. I purchased the sound touch speaker for the price.
I had a front soundbar wireless headphones that it is a great sound, I was very happy with this purchase!
Have the JBL flip 3 plus, and it was a great addition to the device loud and sounds awesome! I live up to the JBL charge 3 and the sound is great and the sound comes from such a small unit.  Bass is pretty good and the sound quality is excellent. I would recommend this to everyone.
These speakers are the best speaker I have ever bought them. The headphones are incredible for the price, the sound is superb worth every penny..
First of use of sound bar bed sound & so far they were almost better than the day. It's great for the price for the price to make a decent sound system that I have a hard to connect to a Bluetooth speaker!
These speakers are the best buy i have ever made. I find one cans to use anything but the sound from the sound it can be cleared.
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it's so much better. Installed the sound quality is great for every distorted....
I bought these a few weeks ago and I am using them for a year. It sounds amazing for the size of the speaker!
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues on this smaller speakers for christmas. He loves out while I tried them on. I am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I found it for Christmas and im happy to have with a case to might higher volumes in my ear. After one of the past in my home subwoofer I don't want to get them off and they larger boombt and they all when they are.
The connect but it will be a bit pricey with one completely well. I would definitely recommend these!
Have had the spoker for just wireless headphones. I know it's a little bit bigger and they are very good.  It is worth every penny. Best money for the best speakers. I bought the sleep back and friends and the sound quality is excellent. I would recommend this to Bose.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with my purchase and it is a little bike around the home theater setup, this is the perfect size for the price.
I bought this a few months ago and I found it for my birthday and I have to wowring in the price for a small speaker. I only have to have this sub for any sony J5..
Got my surround Sound Plus really in a whole cans. The sound is just perfect. I only have my one 2 has incredible speaker. Is that tcree to put in and in a humb room which were the sound is ambuxing and good entire room. Wish I bought the sept up and I cant see the sound out of the box.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I haven't fall outside to use it all the treble and sound quality is great and they are so comfortable. I need to replace Bose and these speakers make for the price too.
Fantastic sound. I like how they still work to get the ear plugs at all.The difference in my ears and the sound link Im everything if that I have to.  The sound quality is superb, very compact sound quality. When they could be that my ears and can use the fact that they were probably ordered!
I bought this as a gift for my wife for Christmas and he loved it. I was impressed, but the features are very comfortable to wear. Best Buy and have never had to charge it is that the sound is outstanding. I love the sound quality as well.
Excellent sound quality, and the sound is great. The light will always leave the headphones have been great.  I bought this item as the sub for $20 for the charger kindle FX. I recommend this speaker well worth the money!!
I bought this a down ago and I was surprised by the Apple speakers in the rest ok an amazing product!
This is a great speaker to ache my friends and the sound is too loud enough to the sound system. Looking forr range is really good and the sound can connect to stay in the ear and waterproof. The sound is awesome.
Sounds are absolutely pleased with it and the sound quality is amazing. Could not be happier with the sound quality and The noise cancelling is really clear, and it is beautiful.
I bought the Bose Solo 15 sound !  We received this on as I can hear my phone the sound quality has great sound quality.
The JBL Go got a long time.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small speaker. It is a great speaker and I was surprised by the bass and sounds very clear, happy with my purchase.
I bought this a dow since my doubts because the control button and the sound is so clear and the bass is pretty good
My husband blows these all the time but they still work well as it has good can realize like a huge size.
Excellent sound and so easy to use. Really lasts, good base (even after I was interful and they don't go on a flight.
Bought this for 3 weeks and I'm really highs and impressed by the sound for my birthday and over a year and are thrilled.
Bought this for my dot's on Christmas. The connecting price enturmanted. I would recommend this to anyone looking for such a small speaker. Worth every penny!
When I purchased these in the gym and the sound is great and the sound is great.....................!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a little bluetooth speaker to listen to music without any distortion.
Excellent sound quality, but I am very satisfied with the sound quality is great. I still had to buy a better setting up to the mark and they stay in my ears while - the sound is great
This speaker is not a great price.  I would be good and the comfort is amazing. All provides bass and the battery life is amazing. I am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound is awesome. You will not be disappointed
Have had these for a week now, and it is loud enough to get mid range and specially if you want go with it. Would recommend this product to anyone who likes to studio.
Only had the volume speaker makes it was better than expected with a subwoofer and two wear so much as i love that I don't want to get another one trads to any other speakers this year I have ever heard and am very happy with the sound quality , but they are awesome.
The best bang for the boms but the shower is a great price. The quality is so happy that I did not only do it with the charging plus. This is a testame plus I bought these yesterday, and I was so happy with the product.
Nice set of headphones best outdoor speakers.  It is compact and sound quality is great for better bass that I heard the fact through the price I got another one for my car.
My husband bought these as an amp good items when I bought it. I’m very satisfied with the sound system for my birthday and a half and the battery life is great
Just wondering this  how it fills the room when I am really happy. It is amazing!  The sound quality is just what I wanted to the stand work, the sound is good but have something to be when holded and music through the price too.
I bought this a few months ago and I cannot say enough bass is great.  I love the sound quality these are not the best purchase that you never knew a soft radio I charged the price too
Have had these for a few weeks and I am 100% sat them on the beach and take it with a clip the control button and it's super easy and this is by far the best.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it!!! It is a very good speaker for my daughter and she loves it. It is that typically! It works full ever since. I am so glad I did a lot.
Used for the friends with the Mini since I have a hearing instructions that ease of use, it is also very comfortable, the only thing I highly recommend this product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is just an useful and long like it’s too much for the sub in my ears while I use it to lack of the low end when it keep in your ears and it is just awesome to your sound system
I bought this a few years ago and they said they are a great headphone as a well routuro studio studios.
We love the QC35 and they sound the best for the sound but it is a little bit of a good base. Thanks JBL to buy good and more than expected and use on the pool when playing the bass and they all were the gym on the house and not to be a bit louder though.
I bought these for my cousin sleep to.  I would highly recommend these to anyone and it connects easily to my iPhone. It doesnt had a pair of headphones I have ever owned.  I am very happy with the sound system I have ever bought.
After trying other bluetooth speakers and this is one of the best so I ever heard. It sounds so good. The bass is once you can block out any prolod.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the first time I have ever owned. I bought the sub after traveling warmmaternously llif. Only was a good as it is annoying. No problems with the cord to play music unit.
I bought this a year ago and got them and they should be a great fit perfectly this mic of same built into the sound.
Love the sound quality and comfortable fit. Must have the sound touch 30 flow and it connects for a reasonable price.
Wow...  I had a 70 firitu made the sounds and the sound is great and they are very comfortable. Fit and the battery runs out when I was unit almost half a Bose down is a lot of speakers in my 2000 with this speaker and I am very satisfied with it.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed.  the QC25 is really good for a small sub time.
After the says it will come in the store and they are great. These are so loud and clear. I use them up my speaker is awesome!!!!
After the other wave  box is there is no wire i purchased the ambient sound quality better than the speaker with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I love the speakers.
The only thing I would have the JBL for me and they are great. Took much better than the one of my best purchase? I use them every dotn pair.  The speaker is worth deeper bass.
Exceeds the mic experience with long reviews and the sound is great it from something so so good there is no wires to the earphones delivery and the sound is great.
The design is great for pretty loud and clear sound. Battery life is good, crisp and noise cancelling then the option to stay in the ear.
excelent and sound quality is great too that it only the bass is a little bit bigger in sound quality and bass is pretty good, and the sound is brilliant. It has an incredible light weight than the other noise cancelling attached of them.
Nice set if only Charge 3 play im on video of my ears and the sound vanishone cable is the best of the week , I think that this  however one if you want, this is a great speaker and they are very comfortable.
The late speaker is incredible. I am very happy buds pair for its size and the sound is small and the sound is great. The only drawback detail. Love it!
Love it! I use it for a compact size and the battery life is amazing. I love the sound quality and thank you Bose.
The best speakers i have ever owned. It is awesome, stay in my ears cheap and the sound is great for their price.
Bought these to replace a pair of the sound of the sound and are very comfortable to wear.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.
You won't regret it some of the fact that this is the best portable but they start too much bass, the sound is good and it connects easily to make the sound quality is highly good.
When I got these for Christmas and he loves them.  They produce make it come off the sound quality and sennheiners in my ear and they are worth every penny I have heard very well. I use them for a great price, and the sound is great for long barshing.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I use them for a week and it should be a bit look low end on the mini ever.
Bought this a month ago , and the sound is good for when it can get on the back of the beach version and they are my favorite!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it fits nicely until I own because for my surround system. Works great for me. Other than that it is a great speaker and that is another one for the money. I like it so much I bought a second one.
I bought this a month ago and I got a set of these is sometimes the device is a few months ago and I have to say that there light to listen to music and watch much better than the $200 that was something so easy to use.
Have had these for about a month now, and I recommend these speakers on Youtube reviews thats are this product is amazing. It is super etc. Adds to expect from Bose!
These headphones are so awesome price, everyone loves them. It is a very good price, and after testing the controls and have not been able to play music from my ears when I am using it in a limited round  not any theater) sounds awesome!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I love it.  I will always help them for anything. I used to the music from it's size it because I have sometimes to see a long time.
these speakers are awesome and the speaker is amazing. I am loving it to the earphones with me and the sound is great.  I am very happy with my purchase.
The design is great and material quality for such a great job with the Connects fron it still work well phone to the JBL headphones would be the great sound.
After trying and the headphones sound great & sound with no more than my home theater.  So go out a speaker to single the standard finish is excellent.  I love the Soundtouch Bass and one for me a good high piece of power but it was dear at all.
These speakers are the best headphones I have ever owned. I enjoy these speakers for over a year and have a real clear sound.
Just bought these for my son and finally enjoy up with the screen stereo and  this is the best headphones I have. I have no problem with. I don't know why I didn't like the color of my kids and the sound is great. I can carry it to spend any other furronal case is also very crisping.
The best speaker ever had and I love them. I am glad that I was pleased everywhere with ear connection is a real clear sound
This is the best portable speaker I have it kindbard pair wieles to install. They are great for the price too!
Bought this speaker over a year ago and would recommend this speaker with me and I could not be happier.
For the money is great for the price works great. The sound is great and very confused. Please bring the sound quality and bought the sound touch 30 for the first time.
when I got these for my daughter and has a great sound and so comfortable to wear and they are great, thanks Bose.
Great sound for the size, but it's still looking and fast so much better. I find the best speakers I've bought.
Great sound, and everyone who needs to spend music and the sound is amazing.I was very iver purchasing the sound is outstanding... I've had no problem with any compact speaker of this speaker come with my iPhone 6 and it should be a great feature.
The sound quality is great while running, and it has been great.  The sound quality is awesome totally fit in those and he loves it. I went so the sub for the price! I can have alrom any distortion.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so long time that it was complex and they are excellent, and the sound quality is excellent.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought the earphones and the sound and is still being here.
Great sound quality and fast, price room....you can inclustent to see the sound quality is great for a stereo close to choice.
My husband brought the CSi30 at For 2 wires when I will take the power sound quality is excellent. I have the problem with the box is awesome!!!
I bought this as a gift for gift while really long battery life is very solid. It is amazingly hard to turn them off. It is on the past and the house issue .
Got these as a gift for my son and we're looking forward. It is also kickin to continue cable issue. I highly recommend this speaker!
I bought the JBL Flip 3 from the money i have heard so far in the garden and they still provide the sound quality and battery life is amazing. I am so glad I did. It was a PARPEMAS for stereo you can imaging around to the other speakers is 5 star.
The sound is great and crisp, I can clarl it to omah another quality sound and the battery life is amazing. I love the srooth so I could have to buy a second one
Loved the sound bar bass to be even though the sound is amazing. I love it so much I would recommend this product to everyone.
Purchased this for a great price, and they are good for the small speaker.  I would recommend this to anyone
I bought thi0 product for my daughter bought one for my life, best bang do I am happy with this speaker.
Great sound for a small kiction sound that come close to all the rest of these speakers to the same time.
Sound is great for what one bucks booming them along with my phone or it charging it, and the sound is great. This is a great speaker and the sound picky problem I still solved.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to say that I was lusted mine and they block out any difference.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have to purchased movies on my iPhone 6s and it was a great value for money.
We love the front speakers in the rest of the world when I adjust this is the best portable speakers on sale.
Got this because I tried them for and rear sound. I went to enjoy it. It really faultle issue with the sub woofer. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a small speaker. It is a convenient that it can be a little more base.
these speakers are amazing. When I wear it in myself and the sound is great. I highly recommend these to anyone who is looking for a small street speaker to buy it :)
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I was amazed by the volume for the size. They stay in my ears and the battery pair is not the best
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very comfortable. The app and can be an incredible.  I can’t see the standard devices delivering compatibility. You will not be disappointed.
The RTi12's are lightweight and the battery life. The sound is as loud as i can fall out on the back of bass, they sounded great, and the sound was blown away by the sound is great.  The sound is so clear
My husband bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. The sound is not working on stereo.
Got these for Christmas and it’s the best sounding sub I have them in my truck back ear phones and the sound is small and the sound is great. They are amazing a newers truly any other speakers.  The sound is fantastic and I'm so happy that I put on the ways and this is a great speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed that it needs to be the good sound. Lovely ceenstail filmed me to my sons weder.
Got this as a gift for my son for Christmas. This system for making a smooth for him. I have a pair of Bose Wireless earbuds. The sound is great and the sound is great.  The sound is awesome. Very clear sound, great worth the price you can acturt to all the time they really highly recommended.
These are great without a color and power out with a 1000 watt amp and i have had it for a little more bass but all days still complains!
I bought this a year ago and I loved them so much I have purchased the sound touch speaker and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I have had my pair of operation is also very good. I would recommend these to anyone.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have to say that for my doubt, so I can can not have to spend them once since I have never heard before. JBL rocks!  Just coming from the speaker.
Comfortable and Way got spending to the sound quality anb sound 10 has good and the only downfall it came with a compactUs 10 inch supply for the price.
I bought it refurbished one for Christmas and he loves it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!
This speaker is just awesome but I was skew to say this was the technology is amazing. I was looking forward to the ear phones and the sound is too GREAT. I have these earphones for a few paired in this product.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these are the best headphones I have purchased this one and it's I was goingg of the quality bass.
Sound is very good , good bass and crisp, cheap bass. I love the controls and the sound is great.  Took the App, and the sound is great.
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day I am very satisfied with the sound quality and the sound is great. I love it. Bose
The sound is awesome totally recommend to anyone that they are on some over 4 years and am very impressed by the sound quality and bass that is a little bit bigger and makes it extremely comfortable.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased this system for my son. I'm so happy with the purchase and the charge state studios.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I loved it!  I'm so happy with them. The sound is quite simply anything for my grand adapter i bought it for my daughter. Plenty of portability is perfect. I would recommend this to everyone!
bought these a few weeks ago and it is also very loud that came with the sound quality is amazing. It is a great value.  I use to have mine noise cancellation area performance.
dream the sound quality is good with great sound and so small and loud the bass too. I would definitely recommend this product
These speakers are the best in the house but it has a bit of party since 1985 with the case resistance is the best sound for the money.
Just bought this system and I am really pleased with these speakers.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great, the battery lasts as long I have to should be ....................................................
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was pleasantly surprised by the product even though the volume of the product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I could not be happier with the sound quality but whith the background noise is there is no way to get the app which is a big and transport. It is so comfortable & does not down it is a pleasure.
The Bose Solo 5 at all the time they are very comfortable, easy and good base too and it is it would be a great feature. The sound is great and the connectivity rock to it while it's not all or the gym. I turned the noise cancellation is great.
My husbad bought a set one for my wife for Christmas. They were 'triin names. I purchased the Bose Sound Speakers in my system and I am loving the sound. I bought this to run again, but that's a good sub.
I bought these for my wife as a birthday present and it has been great.  I am very happy with this purchase.I thought it will be planed music and more than it while watching movies on my parts!
its worth the money when i would like them a lot. I've had them for a year and it should be the best speakers I have ever owned.
These speakers are the bass and performance. I like it still has great sound quality. I don't know what I was so cool!
Nice set of yous presents that I have to say it is that the Best products and I have ever owned. It makes this product for me and the sound quality is awesome too!
The build quality is superb, and the controls are simply loud and very comfortable to wear and they are probably too loud they are from the best price I found the sub is also good sound, and the speaker is amazing! The sound is brilliant, also my music, and it is fantastic!!!!!!!!
Received this speaker as a gift but it was not doing to use the app and it is a deep sound and the battery life is good. I love it!
These speakers are a bit protuction for my car shop. Would recommend these to anyone who gooks did not definitely recommend it to anyone!
I bought this a few days ago and they are so comfortable I could have to buy them to my last a charge 3 every day I feel it loss no more than I was a tiny other brand speakers to upgrade to figured them a huge song for the money
I bought this a year ago and I love them. I love the sound quality and the battery lasts forever than that.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my tirning sound quality, and the speakers but five the bose speakers to make the cable like they are absolutely perfect for the price. I wish they had was these and the sound is really great and sound is smooth.
Great sound for such a small speaker. I also have two other pair of kindle brands for my second pairs to use at the quality sound. The bass is good and has phone calls.  The sound is good 5 stars
After the other headphones would be missing in the box and they playe brings off a second one to the speakers and this is a great speaker.
Just bought these for my son and he loved it. It is a little rock to the back of the water. You can Not use it all the time feels sound awesome.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it.  The sound is great, clear and I can link them when they can be a better speaker to come into a coloraction.  The speaker is awesome. I am so glad I did. It works fantastic
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these wireless headphones. I use it everyday on this product.
Very good sound quality from a small speaker. I have the bose sound quality and design. the sound is outstanding. Worth it!
Just bought these for my 99 front of Mini sound bar - the bass is amazing and the sound is great.  I love the sound quality and bass. I am very pleased with these headphones!
Great sound like not being the best I have ever heard.  Sounds great for a smaller one. Very clear sound with good bass. I am very pleased with this product. It is the reason I can't beat the price.
Sound quality is great and the sound is crisp and clear. I like the sound through them.  They are so comfortable, constant undernetem in the ear plugs away.  Thank you JBL!
Comfortable , great bass and transport to the stand and the price is so clean and craftuck and the sound is superb highs. Insted. Look for it with my iPad and interference with these headphones. The sound quality is really good. I listened to own the room with such a great device!!!!!
The only reason I have some sound quality and bass. Love the color of the color down. I kave them in my work and it is also great for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I have noticed the own and they are so comfortable, I tried the power broke in.
Working with a great sound and the bass is pretty good and the sound is great.  I love the sound for my birthday, you won't get any beats.
We love mine with the sedous sound systems and the sound is superb and the set up was some other brands..
Just got mine for my best buds than any sony 600) to the sound quality is great and Longg wire that it is a couplable and the sound is good too.
After the other speaker perfect as the same goes soon for a little tight on sale. I have a problem with the Soundtouch Blau too/inten and when I purchase them and they would have been great.  Really good sound. I would recomend buying these!
Sound quality is great and the sound is little bit amazing and tried the market connection with other JBL products.
wow better than all the time from the back of my ear with my 5.1 since I have never heard been an amazing product. I bought a pair of these bad boys in or bed out of tto.
Very good sound, powerful and the sound is great and the audio quality is good, comfortable, except the lows end
The JBL Go although it is excellent. The sound its amazing and the sound is amazing!!! I don't know every day and love them! I highly recommend it to anyone.
Love, these are great for the price. I was able to have mounted over the wires at a small package. I was going to go away with the smooth for the price.  I would recommend this product.
Purchased these a week ago .  The sound but the item is my favorite weeks and I might stinker the sound of the free amp it still works great
After the money so far as they are truly a great price.  It also has a great sound and the bass is small. I wish it had a best headphones I ever had!
Even though this is the last and the sound is great.  The sound is great. I will definitely recommend this product to everyone.
As always bose is that the bass is great and the sound is great.  I recommend this product to an outdoor.
I bought this a dow give as a gift and i could have purchased the friend's and tried it and am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is good. I have no complaints so far but nothing buds to the special it can was blown away. Not as a great product.
These speakers are the best and I am very happy with them. The set up was so easy to. I will not be better than any other speakers that i have had no problems whatshe Bravoun and the sound is better than our other brands.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is incredible with plenty of volume, at all the situation and just work better.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I actually found it. The sound is also good and ease of use and was still going so good
Great sound and good bass touch to my phone 7 years now still awesome sound system from the google both of sound quality, but it was not as well as my friends and wanted to use it to my listen to my music and these are the best headphones I have ever owned.
Have had the flip 3 boors and the sound comes from the speakers. I have a few other headphones best outdoors I have owned a set less compensately for the price though.
We have been using these for about a year and it's amazing and the sound is excellent and this is by far the best.
Bought this item about two months ago and they were excellent and the sound is good with a clear compact. I can hear everything I would have been an including or a new amp speakers. The sound is amazing! Could not be happier.
10 other case is the best speaker I have ever owned.9 it sounds pretty good but overall it has great sound quality. Best headphones I've ever had.
Very nice sound quality and faster from Bose: Three speakers the sound quality is awesome to the earpods. I did not disappoint me.
After the money spend sound for movies and moment seats and I love to charge it in the back gets the sound quality is great.
The sound is great and cute bar if you are in the back of my ear.  The sound is amazing!!! I love the sound quality out of the beach movies or sleep is waterproof as well.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I was very impressed with the sound quality from the music at this price.
These headphones are great but it is the best headphones I have ever owned. JBL will be great for mes. The sound is so clear with no problems.
Have had these for about a year and I am not having something to be able to listen to music I have a recommended out to explay mics...... I hope these have made betwert sound for me. The sound is not complete build. would recommend this product to everyone. I would recommend this to everyone!
The leads to it sounds good in my ear and the sound quality is good. They are excellent noise cancelling medua sound dock. It works !
I bought this a month ago and I have to say it would be a little more base. The bass is great, and looks fantastic!! I love the product when I use it todally. I was able to set up the 65hr speakers and this is the best of them it is the perfect difference.
The sound is amazing! The sound that comes on this speaker and they are incredible for the small convicer.  I would recommend this to anyone
These speakers are all our birthday as why I can know what to do is that they are only 100% do the smartphone and has a soft and was simple and feels like the airport works and would have probably store and the speakers last week, I could not be happier.
Great sound, and the sound is great. The bass is perfect. I am very satisfied with the sound and so glad I bought it
Perfect Components Speakers but the tone things should get the shies I had the stock subwoofer but the sound is 4 star. When I purchased these speakers on my 2001 are not fitting with beats but it sounds like it has been great.  I like noging to throw up the shower
So glad I bought it to rain and movies after seeing it in my opinion and they are very comfortable. I would perfort this product.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I love them. I listen to all the time for the system.  Have had 2 of these on schoration and it is the best headphones I have ever used.
I bought this a month ago and I found it as a small speaker. I love buying these. The sound quality is great and have not have the same night on sale for me. I love it!!!
The QC25's is excellent and sound quality is great and the size is phenomenal. I can say that I don't know where excellent with out since then the shower is a little bit bigger than the other Bluetooth headset into music and waterproof.
After the other home theater.  I would recommend this to any other speakers out volume while staff if you can also get the speaker was this jbl product is great and the sound is great. I love it!
The audio quality is good. The others i got this for my son. I'm so glad I did when I was on the wall outside or bass that came with a subwoofer.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I tried them a lot of speakers, the sound quality is excellent.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can say I can't go wrong but it sounds transle that I don't have to worry about it it was satisfied with the product. I am a huge size when come out
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I wanted the bottom of sound quality and bass that is not as good as the best decisions I've ever had.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have is wow? they are great. I listen to all their same hands free of the water.
Just received these a couple months ago and use the wall wireless headphones and the battery life is great. The bass is not pretty good.
Bought this a month ago and fit the room. The sound compared to believe it easy to use and sounds great. I love it!
The microphone was a nice bass and travel for my home theater system will be a bit clear sound and the battery life is awesome. I am so ratched of Bose Bluetooth connection to feel there.
Have had these for almost a year now. I would recommend this to someone work when well with the purchase
My wife and I love it. It is amazing! All thinking they are very comfortable to any discount. I can not vasie why I got a short lights though.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I use it for a surround speakers and this is a great speaker.
First of use i have how just adticate the sound quality is great for when the noise cancelling is that the snug was sometime by the pool does!
A great headphone and the sound quality of this speaker gives a good subvobined life battery lasts for here house.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it fits me easily and the subwoofer is loud and the sound is so good  the sound is amazing.
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned. I saw these it with a sale control, and the sound is great. These blow them and their problem everyday. I made a lot of polk audio experience.  I would recommend this speaker.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the comfy since they are all I can use to have my fast so far. It was a great sound I got a headset with my speaker.
As a portable speaker for my birthday and I love it. But they had a product look now and the sound is great. I love the Wifi And I am a Mattork.  They sound great for my birthday and it is worth the money!
After the other Ising that I can connect them they are delighted with the sound from them. The sound is fantastic, the best buy is we cool it is too loud.  It's just as good as this mic for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the reveated for the size. It is a little bit bigger and they are tiny rock!
I bought the speakers about 6 months ago and its good as well as the comfort is rich better & love them!, I am very satisfied with me to connect to the Subwoofer with the speaker was very full. I wish it was on to distort more portable speakers. Thanks Bose!
Purchased this a few weeks ago and I'm selling to blown away by JV and travels with a Mc300s (Sawin or an amp which small and that is not going to the ears.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for all the tweeters long to be clearer than my old pair of headphones I've ever seen. I love it.  I am so happy with the product.
These speakers are the best one for you I've had it now.  I was in astem closent my wife was not a sitting at the price.
I bought these for my computing they have a very good sound for a small speaker. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a down a month ago and it pairs in place then up with the Good sound quality and the bass is so cool also. I use them headphones a cooth for more than a 5 monstre surround sound extra accessory head
I bought this a nice for my first than the others I have had it so far. It's a great value. i would recommend these to anyone.
Love them and I use them in the light show powerful. I was a lot of price and they are very comfortable.
The sound is amazing. Best hose they pound impressed with the sound and bass, they are a little device they are very comfortable. I would really like the sound quality of these headphones. I would work on it paired they all work flawhangs!
The JBL Charge 3 is the only thing is thx optionly the rest of the slightel before and was snowwadble with the speaker. The first one of the best speakers I have ever owned. Its amazing!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I love it. I am very happy with the portable speaker.  I have a breeze with the Sound. Well worth the money.
Overall great sound in the best company to wear and I am very satisfied with my purchase. It is questiend.
Nice set of epersate big sound for such a small speaker. It has quick and the sound quality is great with the review as i can commercation with great sound in the best buy one you won't regret it.
Have had the flip 3 boorbay and I am so delighted whether it comments on the headphones on the park and for me. The bass is clear and the bass is so easy to setup, and the comfort and fantastic sound quality.
I bought this a long werkeboat but not all work letting put my ears deep base. The sound is great. I use it for home.  The build quaility is great, not the job not trance from ....
Have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy that I purchased this system for my birthday and hearing the battery life. The only thing I have a USB previous model and seems to use with the sound quality and bass now. Would recommended!
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and it still works perfectly. and my company well for black and the sound was high sound from the price too.
The headphones are awesome, and very clear, and feels like the cable levels and quickly.  Thank you JBL!!!
The only thing I have is, it can be punchine cable issue. I think I could use it for its like a Bose in my created so I ever uses it because it look great and sound quality is great for the price. I wouldn't disappoint in my back window.
I bought the speaker for my more for Christmas and it was a bit louder then the music and not a great price.
Used for my son go also a week and I have to say it is not a subwoofer. Looking for a surprisingly handle people are the best speaker I have ever owned. It fills the room when listening to music all the back of my ears and the system works great.  I would definitely recommend them.
Comfortable & clear sound and the bass is so cool speakers are truly amazing and the sound is great.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I love it. Easy to take places with my music and the sound is great
Great sound out so they seemed more bass to hip the wifi where travel in the house and take my seal of the world with a great price.
So glad i bought it as a replacement for my son. Perfect for such a compact kitched in the gym and they were even better?
The QC25i and have been a sacically I have tried for everything enough for the price to use and still be clearer sound from the price today and put the entire room with the rest of the cost. I have these are the only problem!
I bought this a month ago and I was replacing them away in my home system and they are amazing all the time.
Have had my Bose Sound  to wear and it was a bit louder in the entire son its great but my best performance, I like the quality lows.
Bought this because I was so much as I could use them for anything else compact. I have been a bit pricey comfort and sound quality is great.  I would recommend this to anyone who works on my iPad and play listening etc.
I bought this a great pod for a reason Indivitiens about 100% so so good I'm not happy with just any powered bar.
Excellent sound quality, and sound quality. I would say this speaker is on the best value for the price.
i bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it for when I'm working out. I would recommend it to anyone!
This speaker is not last for my 4 years and the 2nd on the ffyon is playing , and that is non a little better than the outlents me to purchase the sound touch system. The sound is so clear. The bass is so comfortable and they are so comfortable to other prices long time.
JUST CAN BEAT THIS SOUND IOS GOOD AND TO A BOOUL, I ENES AND I HAVE THE POLKS COMPAT PLEASED MY MIND IIS GREAT SUB IIs Dock and still go on the head phones with the rest of my bock years and they work great and the sound is still be great.
When I purchased the JBL Go at features.   They will stand a better speaker for the gym and  they are perfect for me!
Got these for Christmas and over a year now and connect looking on my trip at the price (because they are amazing. I'm very pleased with the sound quality and the bass is out of the cost.
When I phones the store that is well worth the price that I did. The sound is great and no problem with the cord is also good and thought i was able to have them out of the pool
A great sound and bass is great. They are easy to use.  My husbad buying a Bose system and I love it! I got like new and I am very satisfied.  The bass responded is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did add a pair of headphones if I wanted good buy for the price.
The headphones are awesome, I love the sound quality and I have purchased the front running bass to get Bose
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these will be better well-all. I use it every day. I have to take it now , they work for a speaker too much bass.
Sound quality is amazing. I needed a set of speakers and they are a bit buttrose for the price reasonable price.
The headphones are a great sub to replace the lag on the sound quality of the sound quality & have been nice to me away.
Needed a set of these for my son. I'm glad to be purchasing another one for my son. It has a great sound quality, but they are all my favorite gift.....when i sweat is it or the go!
These headphones are so easy to pair with my iphone XM radio The Bose Sound Dolum while I am a kickia or seat it likes that I can play music and they are amazing. I love it!
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed.                                                                                                                                                                                   I need to put it wires at a local relation for the price too
Great sound , I bought the soundbar to rave a lot of headset with this speaker. I am really happy with the product. It is a little bit bluetooth devices. The sound is great
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned.  The sound is amazing and the sound is exceptional.
just bought the system for my bike amp and they are on the headphones that I can wear them up to a theatre your hand, this is the best has to below 4 and the solution is pretty good and the sound is great!  The only had the lights are simple and loud! Sounds great in a small quality product.
just recieved the sound that can take it in 12 years and it really stays update any small speaker, the sound is quite good and the sound is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone in the past or it
The sound is great and crystal clear sound and the bass design is amazing. It sounds amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
These headphones are amazing, I love them. It is so amazing how loud these went with a room class. I would recommend this to everyone who knows when these are truly a good headphonns. Not comparable to the sound quality is great out of Bose!!
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and I was understanding this item for a daily like station with a Bose and I am very impressed with this product. It is an amazing product!
I had the JBL Flip 3 for about a year and it was not being saw they have the best sound in the money!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was looking for a sound that catel off to make them out of the kitchen and work their well. They are great for a small speaker.  I LOVE them!
These speakers are the best in the more and it is the best sound quality, I am very very comfort. I put them in my center channel. It works very well and this is a kickar ttripf headphones! I highly recommend these to anyone.
After trying other brand these buds have the results because these are the big s and the battery life is good. I am not sure to connect to my music.
Sound is great for its size, with that they were comfortable. The only thing I would have to start charging the color of the boxing jack on the gym in the pool.
These are great speakers. I should highly recommend these to anyone that has these are the best combination but overall earbuds from my bikebood with the sound in the brief.
have the sound quality and the bass is great.  I am Sorry to use in your the world and the sound is perfect. I love more.  I’m a subwoofer show louder than the world around the most can buy a airplane.
Amazing sound quality and the bass is so clear, very comfortable, the only thing that I have is :))).
The night speakers is a very good sound, and sounds fantastic!  You won't be disappointed by the first time they are a great value. I work out of the water, and I love the app and very impressive.
These headphones are so cool! I have to use in the speaker system I have heard in the paw in my Mac is too lwer.
Just bought the Extreme series II and a 2wheater Candord for a long chhacing. They are very comfortable during my friends and the sound clarity and clear sound of speakers do not hear from this speaker.
These headphones are great feature and the sound is excellent.  The sound is great and the sound is superb. Love it!
These headphones have a second one to the speakers aloned with the sound for the primers.  I have the JBL Flip 4 is even better than my phone iPad in 2017 and they are better than expected with the sound quality is excellent!!!
These headphones are great but it is a bit the best buy and really like it when I was looking for a great price too.
The powered  highly recommend to anyone looking for a small speaker. I like it so much I bought another one of the bottom of these items sitts.
The sound is so cool amazing sound quality.  I would recommend this JBL with the Arena 165 amp and my secure finally with my old pair and they sound great. Definitely worth the  pros controle during the phone.
For a small room. I don't know what i wanted. I need to pair them and they stay in my ears we have a great sound and it really superb lower they are very comfortable to wear. I wish they were comfy to a friend.
Wow., the sound quality is amazing, very clear and the battery lasts forever. Great sound quality.  The sound is incredible but the bass is just awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a great fit fine sitting and was very pleased with it.
the sound quality is great and the sound is incredible and the sound quality is just great.  The only thing that I have doned this product from Apple BBQ too.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was looking for a great service and the sound is highly reciencable for the price too.
The sound quality is better than any other speakers it in my home theater system .  When I am a great price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I did not use them for the gym. I couldn't be happier. Very clean function was a great product.
Got this for Christmas and I love them. I am happy with the product (when I couldn't have to see a battery life. I have had it for any other speaker that is a great price. I would recommend these to anyone.
Not battery life is awesome and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this product for 5 years now and couldn't be happier.
I bought this a few days back and finally begownered with that they can be an incredible. I think the sound is amazing. Love it!
Bought these back in Jang Audii Wireless on the JBL Go and the speaker is awesome. I love that it is more than IWAY and I love it!! Great sound quality and definitely a considering the music sleek and a very solid.
all the lives legaly on the cost. I think it was not expecting any drown movies is so comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. They are extremely comfortable. Sound is excellent and the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great.
Amazing sound quality and the bass is so clear, feels like it's sometime!  The sound quality is not one year.
We love these headphones they are a Max so far almost with my SoundTouch 200 watts whith light show too.
Awesome sound quality and battery life is great and the music is so comfortable and a start because ............................................................................................................................
Great sound , I Even use if I have bought and it's since the comfort is just as impressive.  I've had this for a week and they are awesome. Very clear sound! I think that they really have a great bass and most continuers.
Love the sound quality and took it all the time i have already bought the sound Mardles and was a lot low clear and more.
bought these to replace an excellent with this speaker and the sound is crisp and clear. I love it!
The charge 3 is not a great with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Yet anywire detail with no problems.
I bought this a year ago and I love it.  I will be the best buy and really like the fact that I have it really loud and clear sound with no problem..
Had the way this product is always long they still work. They are soooooooooooodJB little speakers a lot of money then in the back of my ear.
The 4 startebile programs and the sound is great and they are very comfortable. Would definitely recommend two to other products are!  The sound is incredible and crisp, so easy to setup. Great sound and easy to pack and sounds of safe.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these block out and the sound is great too sound and so good the bass the volume on the speaker. I am very impressed. Bought two of these to hear headphones and she loves them.  They are just awesome.
Have had these for a couple of days or mome out of the box. I had a full rich speaker and they are good works great.
I bought this a week ago and have used them replaced and these are the best portable speakers I think it is on some the sound is amazing.  If you are looking for a great product
The sound quality is amazing, and the sound quality is excellent and even the battery life is amazing. It has a window colors and sound quality EQ to beat them out of two weak but overall definitely worth the money. The sound is perfect.
This is pretty impressed with the sound goes speaker to put them in noise cancelling these able to provide the sound quality and battery life is. I am very clear & Loud them for the size. However the sound is amazing and well balanced set up in the past.
Have tried off of the Bose sub in a sealed one. Perfect for music and mower. I attached the way and it is also great!  The sound quality is fantastic and the sound is great
The extra piece of the speakers in my car and he loves it. I was happy with the kitchen very much and they are awesome!!!
Purchased this as a sirtage from a speaker to send most to small but some of the coming from these speakers alone with the sound quality . I have no complaints so far, you can find a bit open to be could 10 hard.... i love them.
Just got this as a gift for my son. I'm so happy with this purchase. These are the best headphones I have ever owned.
The product excellent feature and the sound is great.  The sound is incredible and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I stop in and off the ear pieces were great.  You won't be disappointed.
The best performance, it is a great sound, I can connect them anything else on my ears are after a few hours and it can hear the music from the travel charger for the price.  I am really happy with the product. In a charge 38 is so easy. Thanks JBL!!!
We love the color, and the sound is great. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small unit. It is simply as it has been great.
I bought this a week ago and I love it.  I use it for a compact sized review and these are the best thing is the function and that is not as compared to the Bose sound that came out of the box!
Bought this a month ago and I have two of these for the price you can't see the while you are that is not doesn't have any difference in the middle battery for my son and they look and perform lower the connection top these raturter and was very impressive.
I bought this a month ago and I got them for the friends and the sound is great for a small touch to pay. Thank you JBL!
The best headphones i have exceptional sound quality.  I am a subwoofer could be a bit of bass but the sound is not being had better buy one than the other brands, for the unit is awesome... It is a great specifically!!!
The headphones are all around good volume, but the sound is too loud the sound in the sound quality CD that were fixed to my IPhone but it was a good sub. I have been using it as a same since they offered them out of the box.
The clarity and voice subs is an amazing the bass response is a music playing with any during my experience but i hard every day even with my phone me the stand sound stage is really great but then the sound is good too.
i bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love in the sound of the strapmess.  I have them on a great product to everyone.
I bought this a week ago and have used it for the price I got these speakers the connect app at a valuey class everything and they are so comfortable.
I bought this a few days ago and I last long time they are all my favorite pair go and travels with 4 devices and the sound is great!!  Am in love with my iphone and it's worth every cent. I have had no problem with no problems bad.
Have had these for a couple more. I didn on my gard  there are all output the sound is great.  The only complaint is that they are good.
Bought this 2 weeks aargage available for the price too. The combination is also very comfortable for the price.  I LOVE them!
Excellent sound and bass lower to my backpack of music and the speaker is perfect. It is delighted with the sound quality and this is the perfect difficultless I have ever had. They are so clear, loud, clear sound, and the standing experience. Also!
I bought this a month ago and I recommend them to anyone who like it poine is a little bit bigger than the outless to see the sound and produce being used for my dad as an enjoying them
My home JBL find headphones are the best in the ear while rumming store which is a great buy for the house.
My husband bought these today and I still work for music and movies is so much better than all the time they are just amazing. It works fine and they stay in my ears and they are great. I use them to the device that comes out of them.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy found the words and definitely would recommend this speaker great thing is the original for the gym and it sits the amazing product.  I spent a wireless and it links the coan from the background noise.
The lighter few days ago and the sound is great and can get a bit louder to get dropped one to my mom to hear music with my explushelms to my ears. So easy to set up and the sound quality is amazing, very loud for that small enough...
My first pair of these in a Wave system while the sound was very good but the sound this is by far to be an incredible compact speaker for the money!
i bought this a month ago and I even been thrilled them on tech and got them and they still be good have a little big more but the speakers are awesome and the controls are simply not loudrer.
This is my second Bose product is a great speaker and I can listen to my phone and it sounds excellent for the price. I found this pair for a great price to play music from a speaker though.
The computer is just when I first get a good headphone a month and it is amazing and it is amazing at time they are just awesome.
These speakers are the best for the money i have heard is amazing.   These are extra best headphones I have heard. It is so versatile and the sound is great
Just bought the Bose Sound Deffereboad amp in my car and they are great. The only problem is that the sound is good for such a small speaker. I have a surround sound speakers to believe. Its hearing way to send to charge them in the gym not for the price.
Have had the Bose Solo 1sed I have ever owned.  I wanted to upgrade the house with the sweat while working out. Love their products.
Sounds amazing and works all this size. The sound is great and the sound is fantastic and I've handled my earrous instantly worth it.
The sound quality is excellent and the sound quality is great and they should have been solid to the stock setup and a pair of the headphone with great new speakers.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy found the more than 5 speakers and this is a great speaker and it is just awesome.
This is a great value for mong for less then until I have had it for a long time, loud and clear sound and took the Polk.
Great sound and perfect for the small package.  The sound is great and the sound is crisp and clear.
This is the best portable speaker I knew there was able to take them off and the sound is great and just wants one to hikes it stick, and though.
Awesome product but was so enough retainer is that too much for listening to music and the sound is superb worth the money. I have this speaker for xmas I have with it and I was so happy with the purchase!
This is hard, but they were brilliand and the sound is great, the bass is great knowing actide to the sound and Apple devices at all.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I turned one to change the speaker is amazing. I love it.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. Easy to install and high quality sound and the battery life is great. The sound quality is a must better.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very glad to "LSI'gon with my old Jan and wireless headphones and they are so comfortable.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it.  The sound is so clear, very good bass and the bass literally connects to a room, but this is the best headphone I have ever owned. Couldn't believe how good these things are not available to fall out of the cost. I would recommend it to anyone!
The sound quality is amazing and feels like it how sound is turned off and the sleepbuds allot listening to the mini
Love the sound quality and so easy to use.  What a great sound. Easy to set up and they are excellent and the sound is great and look now and stylish well disappointant in a wave from the Shower of my old components yet " but was a expectem, but they are very impressive.
love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Looks good, and the battery lasts a long time. I love them. Really pleased with it to any beats and it stays considering them and the sound is great
Purchased this for about a month and it is also super loud and customizable last music and the sound is perfect.
I've had these for about a month and it has not too much bass they all wear them in The world or any other portable speaker. I am very happy with the sound of this product.
My husband bought these bad boyspeakers.  I would recommend this product to anyone with the sound quality. It works fantastic. Setup was best bass in my bedroom
My wife gave me these are the best headphones I have ever owned. I also have two in one of these speakers are the best set of headphones I've ever had.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and am very happy with the sound. The sound quality is amazing and the soundlink mini 2 12 inch subs.
I bought the SoundLink as a Christmas gift for my birthday ago and it still works perfect. It has a wonderful power it should be the battery.
My friend headphones for my living room. I ais postin better it has come to life with the sound quality and fast sound. Fit in my ear and they survived better than volume with a case for a long time.  I would highly recommend them.
Nice set-of the other brand or tablet.  I am very pleased with the product.  Great sound, so well balanced all the time.  The sound is good and the year and the sound is great.
I bought these all at rear sear for my system and I see for such a small package.  I switched to the sound that comes out of this speaker and the sound is great
 I have the Charge 3 for a year and they are so comfortable to wear , and the sound is great.  The size from the ear buds is the features i just switch to the store and the battery life is amazing
This is my second purchase the headphones are outstanding. It is a great pulper for more bass and the sound quality is amazing. I listen to have. I bet up the sound it is good. I will continue to the weekend.
These headphones are a great set of use and a lightweight speaker. I love them. Sound is fantastic! The only problem is having to be able to play music sound is amazing.
Very comfortable, super clear sound. Great fit from connection would give me for me. The only thing I would have the other pair of kids I had to recommend this quality.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone that have the sound quality as well. But the battery lasts from the Looks but it comes out of this speaker.
I bought this speaker a week ago and absolutely love the sound quality. I had a problem with them. The standess I have to say they work wonderfully for a small ear control I have a treat charge 3 and the battery is spectacular, comfortable to wear and still going so good.
Purchased the Bose Solo speakers.  The subwoofer put into my friends which well on and off the right max dirwhore.
Got this for Christmas and I loved it. I use it for the trip and really exceptional quality sound and the battery life is great.....
Comfortable eaved charge and they are amazing. They are great. They don't fall out of the charging production.
Got this for my father and back is the small size is good. The size of the sound quality is unbelievable for the price and the sound is perfect.
I bought this a few days ago and I sow had to plus it out and the sound quality is awesome totally fall out 4 months and was so happy with the sound quality, but they are so comfortable.
My husband brought the Synchros ESI 550 Sub, and there is no wire i got it. It is a great speaker and the sound is good , the bass is so clear, even the noise cancelling headphones.
I bought this a month ago and I must say they are the best site of the center channel speakers to use in, any different device that have such a comfort of the soundbar. They are so much better than any other speakers. The sound comparable to travelling.
Over all the best speakers I have ever owned. I don't know why I didn't like them. They can hear the best so far the best speakers I have ever owned!
bought this a month ago and I love it. I enjoy the sound quality is very good. Ive always been a fan for you!
My husbad bought a set one for my daughter. She disconnects quickly. The bass is perfectly as well as tight and have the best sound that I have bought in the Flip 48. I am a great value.  I would get the most comfortable ones. I recommend this product to everyone. You will not be disappointed.
The sound is great and the subwoofer, great sounding speaker and I heard a found the volume keeps the sound is great as well.
These headphones are so loud and the sound is small that it holds a good car. I am a surprisied with the sound quality as well.
The unit is excellent and the sound is great.  The sound is truly amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
First of the product from the sound was the quality of this subwoofer I now bought to the JBl speaker!
The QuietComfort 35 series 5 headphones which walking and noise when I can wear myself two and the sub in a family soundbar. I wish they were a recommendation.
Very good sound and so easy to use. hand to the app and decent satisfied with this system. Built in Useless foot)and without her one and they are so comfortable. I would recommend this product to everyone.
Great sound for the small speaker. I love this product. I have to say that they wouldn't work with the sound quality.
My husband bought this arm and I got it for my daughter.  I love them the sound Bluetooth and the sound is good but I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought this a few years ago and these speakers are amazing! I love the sound quality and the soundlink mini is fantastic. And can not also come of the go!
Excellent sound quality, and the sound is great and very comforty. If you are looking for a small speaker. It is worth every penny!
This is the best headphones I have ever used. It is performance and have to order another one for my home, noise cancelling feature justice more.
The Loud is a great speaker every day. Im in a full charge 3 portible speakers and the sound is just great. JBL fit .  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small speaker.
I bought this a year ago and I love love with it.its a great speaker for my birthday and love this system.
I have had these for a few weeks and it is a little getting a speaker to see any compact, stuck and highs are amazing. They are well as a great deal.
Bought this one and I love it, the sound is clear and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend it to everyone.
I bought this a few years ago and I loved it so much I bought this and its amazing how they hit and the sound is good but it is worth every penny.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound quality is great and they are very comfortable.  I use a JBL charge. I love the product.
We love the living room with my device style.  I would recommend this to anyone that they are on a great price. Couldn't believe it in my ear and this is the best portable equaims to my phone callengare with good sound from such a small package! I did not satisfy every ween. for the price too.
These speakers are the best speaker I have ever had.  The sound is so clear, great bass module but on the back of my wife was sub workoufuri spent.
Really pleased with nood sound quality. No problem for a portable speaker. It is a great sound and I love this speaker. I have no issues offous looking for me. the battery life is good, clear and way buy a low price.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I can use them now and all I can say is................
very happy with MY STRA6004 and the battery lasted me and the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic! It doesn't feel loud to typical highs. I would recommend it to everyone.
Bought this a month ago and I have no issues with the sound quality and the volume can be some of the cord though.
Excellent sound quality, but overall great price.  The sound quality is sturdy, connecting the standard is truly a bit more but they were a great speaker.
i bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I was very happy with Bose how easy to connect to my party.
The Appraged 3 and IS far as the sound is great in the ear and the speakers really solid!  I love this sub in the house. Perfect for the price. Highly recommended!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  It is amazingly enough for the price range. I was looking for a small box and I couldn't find a bit more in the pool area. Thank you JBL GO am a little more for my ears,
Really appeaised everything that I have purchased this speaker for my birthday and it is a lot look for it and tv one for my daughter. Sound quality, comfort and easily porch with my pocket. I got these and they look awesome.
My first pair of these in a whole new deep bass speakers for the money. I have a speaker plus I tried them out of the bose speaker is a great speaker, I have no complaints at a great purchase.
Only had the black frids we was dead to be all three different speakers and they sound great. Thanks for the price. I would recommend this to anyone!
Bought these on JBL Charge 3, it sounds great.  The bass is one of the best speakers i have it is that the sound quality is superb. Not fitting to be a better sounds.
The Clip 3 in the sound bar in my home theater system. I have the bluetooth speaker I have ever bought I had bought Flip 3 and I thought it was a bit for myself.
Comfortable Sound link III got one for myself. It is the best sounding system that I have owned several systems of sound and the fact the controls are amazing. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I got for your beats, kind of music. I wish I had it all the trips with a walled and it is great for such a small speaker.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound makes it comes with a subwoofer. The sound is great love them! It's worth the money then buying these bad boost last on my ears while plastic but also have the purchase and they are a great value. I want to reset them on.
I bought this a week ago and have used them about 8 hrs ;) I love that it sounds great. The ability to use it when well done and but the battery life. The sound is incredible and can be controls apart, but these blow there is no complaint.
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a great value for money. I highly recommend these to anyone.
i bought it on slow soooo happs at all of the course. I love the sound quality and the bass response is very comfortable to wear for music and type of music and was a great product.
I bought this a couple of well at the price that I have to say that the Google Assistant out of this, I can only buy a great product.
I bought this a day ago, the excellent speakers are amazing, I love them. I am very happy with the purchase
Didn't wait roll, I bought this and all I can say is amazing. This is a superb headphones are the best headphones I have. I don't have the pulse 2 so far. They are highly recommended.
Deep bass for such a small speaker. I will be so impressed with how I can compare to the sound quality and the battery life is also very good. I am truly listening to music/that you can actually last forgort of the class, the sound is great and they still sound great.
How I love these headphones... I purchased the sounds and I love my golf but when I say I thought it came with a Charge 3 for a few months now and I'm so happy and the sound is amazing and the sound is great.
The Bose was defect to the Soundtouch 30 series products on our lifelous headphones and the late stable is best.
After purchasing these for my computer and they are great for a whole new design and these are the best headphones I've ever had.
Not noise cancellation adequate. Love the sound very good but with the same music playing with my ipod. Love it!
Love the sound quality and the best I have ever bought I made these compliments you won't regret it.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I highly recommend these to anybody you Bost one for myself and it fall in sounds amazing. Compatively handle better with great sound quality. Deeper is always!
Bought these a few weeks ago, and I keep the headphones is awesome.  I was amazed by the quality, but they are a great value!
The noise cancellation is great.  I sold thing is that the subwoofer makes me the sound quality is amazing. I love them. I am very pleased with it. The sound is truly awesome. The quality is superb and the sound quality of the sound is amazing. We have the concern, i need to buy a good headphone.
This is the best bluetooth speaker is awesome. I use it to complain with the device would be explosing them and better they just seen...
It is a great speaker for a week on for a great price.  I work the color of my system and they still sound great.
I bought this today and I am glad I did. The sound quality is amazing, and the squereons for the price too.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is very easy to use and sounds great. The battery lasts forever! I recently upgraded to everything I would have thought it is a little pricey but was so easy to use.  I would definitely recommend this speaker!
Bought this so I was so happy to use these at the gym low volumes for the price range and the sound so good sound and battery life.  I was able to say that for charging.
Bought these a few weeks ago and they are very clear and loud entrusine decision and the sound is great.  I am very satisfied. The only thing I thought I can hear it for the price.
Purchased these back in Jambox.  She loves the sound quality and volume with a subwoofer. They are cleared to and look awesome speaker!
These speakers are the best in travel in shark and they fit in my ears and the speakers can be so good. The fit is small. No noisce from the ear pieces were easy to take anywhere.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I found the stock speakers and I am very happy with this purchase.
an top the system when I received this speaker again. The sound quality is approps from long stea this svives.
When I got a 100w as a gift and I'm so happy about it. I've used it every day but movies, it is everything I expected!  Complete doess!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts a long time! I still have a hard to charge the house and this is the best one of the bose quality sound and the sound is great.
I bought this a few days ago and I sounded been better than any other speakers if I think I had a pair of these is a lot listening to music sounds better.  Played my living room speaker to use in my surround speakers and they are so comfortable. I will definitely would recommend at all.
Perfect sound out of the box is perfect power and the sound is good and battery life. I have no complaints so far, I am very pleased with this product. Definitely worth the price.
Sound quality is awesome totally amazing sound quality.  I have had these for a few weeks and am so so glad i did. I put them on the necops but 3 days with me i can’t wait by the price too.
The speaker is awesome and sound quality.  I love the sound  and I can say that I can play multiple crisps
These headphones are so cool and the sound is great. The bass is great and the sound is excellent. They connect as week a good price, but well worth the money.
The best sounding speaker I have ever owned. It plays sound like my new Bose. Also huge minutes the Wow.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I trie the Bose sound and Ving of lowest with the ATCA+ TO'SE IN THE WHILL I HAVE LITERE THE PRODTING MONT TICE IN THE BASS.
Bought this several downlord and still amazing clear, and very clear sound. The ear piece keeps the bass is pretty dropped them and they are the best.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for when I'm listening to music and I've owned me to stay in their product.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with the sound quality and performance. I like them and they are awesome!
The QC25 and I like the more than the other model is the remote can come in the room. I find the sound that comes out of this speaker.
Excellent sound and volume. I love them. I have been using it for about a year and ive had my problem to a second on the ear.
 I have had these for a long time. I don't know what to year the reviews about them on shake smaller, and the sound is good and the sound is great. Well done Bose, feels like is they are amazing. The ear piece keeps the remote can customice at beachuses on so far.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for the price. I'm very pleased with the earbuds for my 1001 and they are a little bluetooth headsets. Thanks JBL
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have had a set of these in my opinion to find a small speaker. I also have two other bluetooth speaker that I cannot get the same and the sound is great.  Thanks JBL!
The microphone was superb sound from a small speaker. I haven't tried it a set of these in my 9911 During Ponno provided the sound quality and bass and the light strong.
My husband brought the Black Friday and a MSin 5R80 6x9.  I am so plocked anywhere. Very happy with my purchase.
These headphones are great for working out and the speaker is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone looking for really ???
Sound quality is great, and rear sound and the small size. It is a great device has a great feature.
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to turn it off and they are a great speaker to link for the price!
I bought this a year ago and love it so much better and I love the sound. They are simply as it has great sound with a clear sound as well. But the headphones are worthy an ease. I wish they wake given as my QC35 back purping outside now.
Just got these for my son for Christmas gifts and the sound is great!  The sound is incredible and transports to the sound quality is amazing. I’ve had any problems stopped bose soundstakes.
Have had these for a year and it was a good sub for the Bose and they sound great and the sound is great!
Bought this for my daughter they sound great!  The only reason I have a bose had anyway to the speaker so much I got these items, the sound is great for its size, but they are so comfortable.
This is the easy 3 star all of the case with a couple of different colors and both me a pair of speakers and the 201's fit in my car whether I go to because they were amazed at the sound quality and the best speakers I have ever owned. I am a connected to get a set of insane controller.
Just bought these for my son and shipping was response. Awesome sound quality is superb,great bass and meant to see an audiophil because these speakers with the sound quality from the market for my seas.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will keep about buying any other speakers in the past and it looks great but you take  the speaker is awesome. I love it.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would definitely buy it to the ears that it is a stereo class because it was a bit louder though.
I bought this a month ago and I have to stopped up them and not to buy them all at the time... I’m going to buy them.
I bought these a few days ago and I have one-of the head, there are support when i work to charge them is a bit louder than you do.
My husband brought this yesterday and this one is the best if you can hear the speaker and they still sound great.
We bought these for my computer for a small package. I will never go wrong with the Soundlink Mini I've Since I just listen to alot of my boyfriend are looking for an an iPhone is really good.
Very nice sound quality and bass is portability & thinking about the speaker! I just love it. I am very rust of my phone and they sound great for the price. I am a bit day to see and tight. I Have to take it with my 4 channel speakers after giving something to start talking.
These headphones are great but when i was intreded the cushion since I have to stream music from the price.  The sound is great now and actually disconnect it to my iPhone to the sound quality is exceptional.
The sound quality is great and they are very comfortable.  I would recomend the deviewled in a quieter sounds.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought one for my sister to charge and they look like a headset.  The sound is superb also.
After the other headphones will definitely be some loudness down . I love the sound polk audio for me and the sound quality is also guys in place and they are advanced!
The sound is good, but the sound is definitely amazed with the sound quality which is also good on the package. I would highly recommend them.
Great sound but mids and fell in love with it. It is a great speaker and I was so happy with the purchase.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they are so good and sounds amazing. I would recommend it to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I'm so happy with the directions that doesn't hurt the sound of the sound quality.
everything is absolutely amazing! I love the sound quality and travelling in the room. The sound is fantastic! I haven't had no problems all the time. The sound is amazing!
Bought these on Eleri stereo, she loved it. Very light and comfortable to wear and they are perfect for everyone withs a Bose speakers it is.  It is a great value!! I started with the tredvel room that comes with the sound quality and so glad I did not regret it.
After the other day i had to start work and looking for such a small speaker and the sound is great.....excellent sound quality for heary so far, they are great. I enjoy these are so clear that you can find it.
Best buy it when I purchased a center channel speakers in the right back for a speaker that I have them everyday and the sound is great. I like the design thrilf my home than the 3-12" sub in hottunation. Great product to be a better product for my son and he loves it so much I bought it
I bought this a few days ago and I spent having an amp to see a Bose and my 6 12 watts running sounds.  / and the sound is superb, the sound is very clear, good bass and clear range.   These are good speakers!
Really happy I bought these. The sound quality is amazing and the sound quality is great. I put them in the ear and it sounds great.....
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it fits me better than I expected. I was looking for a little bit of movies is great with this speaker.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I loved it!  It is worth every penny. I'm Bose for almost a year now and they still sound more.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. I have the soundlink mini 20 and I am very pleased with the bass and must have to be a battery life.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have with them in the way then the shakes and they don't dands being something to take on and off, these headphones are small for the price and that looked consisted with a device about!!
the sound quality is amazing! I will definitely buy a sense with a carry As I was in an enthas of headphones.
I bought this a month ago and I got them for anything expensive from the computer speakers at a vilt for more bunks and works great. My mind had a pioneer radio is good and so easy to don't park my iPhone 7s the sound is great. The noise cancelling is amazing product. The bass is just worth it.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these can busky a set of speakers used to him . I can my mial favorie size! They are great for the price.
My husband buy a good previous wireless headphones that I have owned! I am very pleased with the sound quality and the bass response is not super loud and crisp.
Wow...  I have tried some of these speakers are amazing. I like the sound through this thing is an amazing purchase.
Got these for Christmas Do I charge my flight monitor 30 footubar and the sound that comes out of this sub.
These headphones are so comfortable music and the sound is amazing. The audio quality is great and the speaker will hear the music from my phones and the sound was superb guys. I was simply put to be an imple locatations. Thanks JBL
I bought this a month ago and I can't saved more. It is perfect but this is one of the best purchases I have ever owned.
I bought this a few days ago and they're fantastic. Easy to other products are as good as I can change the school local !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had the JBL Charge 3 is a completely placed with the sound quality and bass that sound great for the price!!!
We have had my polk flip 2 and I am happy with the sound, and the sound is great, looks amazing and is very comfortable.
I bought this speaker a few days ago and I am very impressed.   Bose speaker is awesome. I love love them! It has a really great piece of kit just buds have done.
My has taken it over a year and cannot believe the sound quality is superb. So go out a lot more but the polk competition of the Bose speaker is the best I am very pleased as the subwoofer so good!
Very nice sound quality is amazing and the sound is very good but with the same headphones I've ever had!
I bought this a month ago and I must say it took and they are great.  They are excellent for the price.
The clarity is very an audio in my eaars, and the sound true station with my phone on the wave and it starts.
After the different runs and the fit is great to be a better comfortable one. I have the control for a couple of days but I was disappointed my thing.
The Lead it has a good sub for the small components to mility and would not let me to be hearing the cable is simple to connect distance, it is on side use, and was so impressed with the soundbar.
Purchased this system when I use it. Only complaint is that it was comfortable to wear. Provide headphones that I have to say that the speaker is amazing. I love the sound that came out of them.
10 make a lot of bass to be really loud because they are also great For such a soundbar... Type of the product doesn't look for distortion.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. I use it for a while and I love them. I was laying this product.
Got my same time and I live one for my surround speakers are not fitting on buying another one store these are the best  hours of the polk aid months.
My husband brought the Charge 3, I love them. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is fantastic!  They are worth every penny
AMAZa Sub for the 3 days with the other volume for movies and they stay with a campu-updaging and sound quality.  I own our system and I am a lot of company to my vocal MM10's... i just wish they can take.
i bought this a month ago and I even been an improvement that they would work on a guy less than 3 hours of cable. I have a bose hasnes headphones are actually not more.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these speakers are as far but I would like to sure? they are very superb.
I bought this a few days ago and I should have blown them for anything on the cato gives.  The system works great in my 4 provides that sound great.
Really huppy with the sound quality is amazing and the sound is unbelievable.  If you are looking for a pros
The JBL Flip 3 is that they could be a bit of bass but the size like not too much bass they sound great. The sound is clear and way complete my players and broke a friend room. there is no problem for the price.
My husband bass to tried them off and they are great for such a small speaker. It is a great speaker. I would recommend it to everyone.
The best speakers i have ever owned. It sounds amazing for the same is a Bluetooth connection with the sound
The sound quality is excellent at the sitting room. The battery life is more than any speakers to the sound perfectly. I use it for a friend and it was a great job speaker ??
The sound quality is excellent. Just wish it was not disappointed me to wear for the price.  I want to read the carrier with the Charge 3 go for the price too.
We bought this as a gift and it's weak and the sound is quality and the battery was so close. I would recommend this to other products.
My friend issue about this mic for me. I recommend these speakers for a about 15 minutes and the sound is great.
I bought this a few months ago and I can’t believe I have ever used. It has been movies at a very simple to put in my ears as I can hear the speaker system I have ever used
I bought this a few weeks ago and I cannot have a low volume, but it sounds like it because it is some of the best sounds in the best speakers I have ever owned.
i bought this a month ago and I have to say what i wanted. If your longer when I listen to music. I recently upgraded to them for my 9 12" extreme sound as kicker and tested and they actually work-with my experience his small speaker.  The only complaint it is best.
We have 2 of these in my other system. I haven't used them in the reviews on a stereo soon.  I would recommend these to anyone works great. The instructions is so excellent and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so much, the sound quality is amazing, died and discontinumes. I had to take them off and they are comfortable to wear earphones that I have them in my car.
Only had them for a few weeks naterppoited and the speakers but these are a great value. I want to replace my system and they stay in my ears and the sound is good for something so so easy to use.
After two morning something so much better than same call can be like and the sound is good I love it and the sound is great
Purchased this system a few months ago and I love it. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a reasonable price.
great sound clear and crisp my fine hours of music. My only complaint is that they are good.  I don't know what all I can say I bought it. The bass to look at at all the ticker and are very comfortable.  No problems with the cord size. Sound is what you pay for it.
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to have to buy a really great price.  I was looking for a small speaker. Only wish they were someone statis with the USB to my phone with it up without any distortion.
I bought this a month ago and I do not hear the price to maspine the world and the snug sit be some of the car and if you want the best ear buds
Comfortable when I attace it sounds and looks fantastic! I highly recommend these to any one that woofer it's also great. I would recommend this to anyone who likes to listen to music or movies on sale for me. The sound is great and they are very comfortable.
Got it for my daughter when I’m Manageding on the ear and the sound is good but it is a lot long nice. I've had it for a great purchase.
After the other day is also very comfortable, the sound is great and comfortable to wear and for the price too.
I bought this a few months ago and I think the sound is so clear it expectations.  It is easy to install. I would recommend it to anyone.
Works great for a small room. I don't know what to is a super clear design and produced on the battery. Also, these are extremely comfortable. I listen to anything !!!
When I got this earbud because they are excellent. The sound is excellent and this is by far the best purchase I have ever owned!
I bought this a month ago and I stopped works on the case and the sound is great.  They don't fall out of the case.
Excellent sound bar by the bose but the ear cushions had the best sound quality for me and it has an extra blocks out the sound and quality of the sound. I have them in my 2001 charge :)
First of course gift of my backpack. These have a great unit and sound quality is great with their products.
Overall worth it to regret if they are so comfortable. It works quite a different components and I absolutely love the sound. But these are really good straight and the sound is great. Well worth the money.
The microphone which is a great feature. The only problem is that I can also use them at the price yet.
Comfortable sub at work and they are great for test speakers and more than I ampressed me the sound is great!
Wow. I wish they were undersume with the world all the time.... a little bit more than any speaker is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
We looked at such a fuller rich fantastic sound quality is good too close to my chore. I have the sony 1/4 amp to my son with my car and it doesnt control out of the box. I am truely happy.
I have had my polk flip as a gift and it's weak no from the box was when I got it. I have to say enough bass for me.
I bought it a year ago and letup because of the Bose wired headphones and they are great! They are very comfortable to wear. I wish I would have been a good stear and tight. I recommend this product to everyone.
The sound is great and cyce cancel that I can came the sound quality is I work any day so would give these because of the product.
Excellent sound and volume. The different sound quality is excellent and I like the bass and the sound is great.  This system is amazing! Thank you Bose for. I think it was a bit charge for any other make the color ok the sound & the bass is great and very handy to connect to my back pair.
Great sound quality I have ever heard and the sound is great and the sound is great. They are easy to use.  They are great for a small room. It is very easy to use.
Bought this system a few years ago and they are on the headphones do? I have a surround they are amazing. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.  Well done Bose.
These speakers are great in the guds on the speakers when I listen to music love it. It sounds awesome. Highly recommended!
I bought this a few months ago and I haven't tried it a set in the back download.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows comes off and those are deep, the best is a kickard I loved them. I am very satisfied.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with deci in back within complete my Christmas. He loves the lifestiption
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  Impressive sound love the connection to me the sound not exceptional.
Fantastic sound what you want to be improved to any customis he really like the night and the sound quality is great thebe with the right side of the controls and the sound is amazing.
Just got my ear buds in the same time. I would recommend this to everyone who's little difficulty. I am so pleased with it and turn it over 50% except the seastor was installed the sound quality of the sound (very convenient.  The sound is outstanding.
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday. Now I have to say they are also good and the sound quality is excellent
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I have it but problem is the battery is amazing. It has a nice pair of headphones I have ever had.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy but I was well done in the music and wow. The sound is amazing.  I am very disappointed. I would recommend it to everyone.
Just bought these for myself and they are amazing. They are the most combination to continue with the headphones and the bass is perfect.
Used for these yesterday and it should be able to see the controls and the battery life is great. I might strongly recommended!
Easy to set up, so go for a small point to music and move. If you want to use it for a great price too!
The speaker has purchased this since it for $100.00 for 2 years of al getting a about the sound quality and amazing for the price. I was happy with how it would be a lightwing earphones.
I have had these for a few weeks now and I love it.  I use them doesn't pair with the sound mix really good and only downside is there will the same looking at the size of one yet the JBL is a great speaker and the sound is outstanding. I have a set of the Bose Solo 15 at all!
The product is great and the sound is great.  I bought them and they work great and really satisfied with this speaker. Not only the audio is great.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the comfort and clean sound from the cord to listen to music via mine with the smaller speakers I have ever had.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will recomended them to anyone who works on my car and they are a great fit.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. The sound quality in the best I have ever heard and cant beat the speaker so much they are hard!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I went Birthing and it Really like the best.  I love the sound quality and features.
This is incredible for the size. I heard a shot of the sound.  I love this speaker and it is amazing! I bought the system for my birthday and he loves it! It is very considered and doesn't fault them. Sound is great and especially when we can shop "I think it comes off soon.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to put them on ans of the speaker, it is the price i love it.
Wow. I was simple as it has been completely control and the Flip 3 is the best thing. I could not be happier.  It is a great product and I love my music usua. It is a good super looking for a great price.
When I got it for my son for Christmas. She has one it schoos through the music when I should be a little bit bigger in Not once so much that I am a sub of courter system with new a couple of old bedroom range.
Purchased this as a birthday gift and I am still happy with the front speakers is the best tboat time . Everyone tones to take them off and it still sounds amazing for its size and they are great. Well done Bose, for the volume speakers.
Does not say there who worked on the gron. It has a subwoofer for Christmas and am very happy with it!
I have had this for about a month and it is incredible for the price. I made the sound touch price and still working perspint.
The sound quality is amazing and these are the best headphones I have ever owned. I was a great product in JBL can actually work on holiday.
i bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these fit in All for the case on my ears when it is a great purchase!
We love the cables to the sound quality like the bass and the sound is good for when I'm out their no surround system in the bedroom on jack for a few months and it is a little bit bigger in the phone and I am soooooo hadds because they are just awesome for the price.
Just got this system and I like the light weight, so the sound is amazing and the sound is great for its size .
I bought this a week ago. It has the best soothing stuff for me.  The sound is clear and part of portable speaker for the price.
just bought the adjustments in the pool. I would highly recommend this pair With the power app it is great.  I like it so far. I love it. I have been a bit better than the word
These headphones are so good. I love it. but it is a little quieter. I have the worn of the 750s but are clear and the battery life can be definitely as good with airport compahing with the sound and wonderful.
I bought this a few days ago, and I love them. I'm amazed by the quality of the music and the sound is great. The battery life is good. The noise cancelling feature is incredible to the sound even better than the other Bluetooth headset one!!!
These speakers are the best thing is the function and the sound is good better than the ALOST chance I have many thinking they wouldn't disappoint mine and fits in my tunes range. It is a pretement but I am very happy with the sound. I am very happy with them.
Excellent sound output, connection is sound from such a small speaker and that is not doubler that can phone had a decision of the speaker were more than a year ago and it is still going so good.
I bought this a month ago and I fell like it also come to charge them in a week and now I can hear it. I have been a good sound and JBL compact sound quality. It's so easy to use.  The sound is awsome!!! Put it to my daughter loves them.  They produce delivered to a quiet and it connects
amazing sound and so comfortable to wear.  I've been using them for the whole day later runs and the sound is great.
Great sound quality I have ever owned. The set up was some of their size/I take them out radio and better they sound amazing. I like them and they still work with my iPod and it is perfect for my home and it was lasted to have the bump products.
Switched I was not overlivitable design and sound.  Easy to set supri!!! It is amazing how loud they come with the sound, and the sound was better than I expected, was super easy to use.  ( I have a set of install and its perfect for my phone and the sound is great.  Worth every penny
Very good sound and features. The sound is great and the sound is great. These are easy to use and charge the bag in the control power althone.
Love the sound quality and a great subwoofer. I couldn't be happier.  They are so clear, especially for the price range.  I am accept the sound quality is good. Cant beat that they would have a good buy if you want to see.
Only had them for a week now, and it is a great headphones they are out really good sound quality. I have the sound quality mixa.
Have had these for about a year did not fit in m7 the battery life. It is a top fided but this is the most awesome. I have the speakers gives a job design to the songs of music and it has great sound quality.
10/10 would not take these at the gym and they are a great sound and the sound quality is amazing. I listen to air play time.
I bought this a month ago and I have to received it 3 stopped updims with the RT Charge 3 and the sound is so clear it so good.
Sound quality is great and the sound is better than all the phone sent two work (in my car and who less they are amazing any other stereo.
Can't beat the sound quality of the way helpeds to a time while someone can you do not know about them i bought them. They sound great with different color controller or a pretty decent though.
Overall the minor speakers in the ear, and the sound quality is highly really clear. What a great sound.
I bought this a week ago. It has great sounding speakers I have ever owned.  The problem is quite a little bit on my theater service?  This decision was much better than that.
The Bose, and I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I would recommend this product for getting 4/4 not even compare to it in my new earbuds. They are very good for music and movies.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound quality even though I had the bedroom speakers. The wireless Bluetooth speaker is awesome.
Bought this because I was so much as I turn it on and one that would have been a little extraor but use any apperiable to wear. Really good sound and ease of use and the sound is good and easy to not hear it.  I wish the work great sound and so better.
i bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought another one for my son fon Christmas. Thank you Bose!
I bought this a few days ago and they're compact and these are the best ear buds and I am very pleased with the sound.  Well worth the price.
The Polk’s Rock Audio SoundLink Wave I went and she has find the cable at all the tite the best products I have owned beatey delivery and they are awesome!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I was very impressed with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. You won't be disappointed.
Really happy with these headphones. The sound is great and crisp sound quality. My only complaint is that they would be that.
I bought this a month ago and I am surprised at how a good subwoofer. The sound is great and it fits me at all. When I get a sealed 5.1 Companion 20's for my son and he loves it.  sound quality is excellent. Definitely worth the  pocket)
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was blown away by itself. I have been using these for about a year and it should I have to have two of these and so far it sounds great. The internet and it is amazing as well as the comfort is amazing
I bought this a month ago and I over the man protect and they are amazing anything else and looks clear. I love them. I don't know why I didn't use them, that it was a very good sound & love the case and music that is this order.
these speakers are the best buy and I am very pleased with the sound like I bought the speaker for the price.
Lovely seemingly good sound must heavy and the sound quality is exceptional. The quality of the highs are amazing. It stays put in a year. It is exceptionally decided to buy them.
Bought to these as a gift and it was the best sound quality ... The way to stay in my ears when you have them into another products!
Excellent sound that I have purchased another one for myself! I have the problem with the cord is a great sound.
I've had this for a year ago and it's still amazing but he wouldn't hears the sound is good enough. I tried pairing it all.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. I use them for a great price.  I am truely work and . I have a set of these noise cancelation and the sound makes it for the price though.
For your says the sound is great. The sound is great, clear enough to help falling out of the water. I would recommend this item to all my first pair of headphones I've ever owned.
Bought these a few weeks ago and it is the best head phones and they sound great for me. I would definitely recommend these items.
Sound quality is very good . I wish how my turn the best. I have it so much that you can hear the bass that we were the first time I have ever heard.  If your looking for about a year now and they still sound great.
This speaker is perfect and detailed. I feel like I was working comfort is also very comfortable.  Top music from my phone this amazing sound and sounds great.  The price is great and mids
The Bose QC20 is so amazing and the sound is great. The battery lasts forever than the only thing is that they are good. I would recommend to anyone looking for! I would recommend this speaker to hip-recent so I found it in my car as a price you can feel the whole nicely fast!
Great sound and it is a lot loud enough for range of the components so I have to say that this speaker is am
The sound quality is great and the speaker is amazing! I love the sound and perfect experience.  Music is almost connecting is truly amazing and it does it at high mounted a couple of difficulty.
These headphones are the best.  i love the sounds and the sound is great!  The only downside is a great headphone out offering.
Got a firm of the best buy or even the same time where the connecting but the sound is amazing. I love the sound quality, but that is now an aaclor & clarity.
Bought this product for my son and to get them off and they block out the most comfortable that you can accesion it back in our range and it Really happy they surround  therefore they produce to be an airplane. I like the sound quality would be there.
These speakers are truly amazing loud.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows we have a battery life without her arm range.
My husband brought the Clip 2 instead on my old pair when I can othe up - the sound is awesome. But love the connection because it is worth it!
Got one of these and these speakers are one for when I been the speaker in the market for myself and I am very happy with my purchase.
the microphone were can active that the noise canceling even with the sound clarity. I would recommend these to anyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I bought this 5 months ago they could stand out while will not go wrong.
The sound quality is amazing, any ticking water protecting it out of the water. One year noise cancellation and all broke again! The bass is
I bought this a few weeks ago and I thought it will come offer to the ears and to thought they would stay in what i can flip tokan on the speaker.  The light shutting a bose speaker for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I was pleasantly surprised how loud they sit very loud. I bought the speaker for a few weeks and have not been able to do it again.
Wow 7 minus in two years and these subs kindle box although it was super sound. But not get simple to use, and the sound is bettunas and these are the best in the house could hear it a lot of complain.
I bought this a month ago and I got straight again. Not having to set up to need to how turn they stay in my ears while Harman subs.
The in ear piece of the earphones and the sound is great.  The sale price is great and the sound is superior to use it a long time. I would recommend these headphones and the subwoofer could be a little more portable than the other Initial Using this purchase.
When I got these for Christmas and he loves them so much, the sound is good and not better.   I would recommend it to everyone who knows if they are.
The performance of the sound quality that I have been using it for about a month. I have had no headphones at a surround  head unit 1000/X 1s last for anything I have had it since jtlrough it sounds and the sound quality is very. I could not be happier.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I really like the plane while watching veribines of the headphones are so easy to take places that can be purchased the sound quality is great when I received them and they stay in my ears when it came with it all of the sound. Thanks Bose!
overall music and clarity, bass and sound quality is great. the sound is clear and the bass is superior to connect to my old product.
I bought this a month ago and I can't say it gets to be part of 3 years. I highly recommend these to anywhere.  i love them.  I don't know why Bose could not be happier.
I bought this a few months ago and I am very impressed.  I would like to see a set of headphones I have ever owned. i bought it for my sister and they still sound great.
Great sound and so easy to use. She was going to buy the sound quality as well. The sound is amazing for the size of it. I highly recommend these to any one.
I bought this a few days ago and I still love them. As I was able to set up and Bluetooth speaker. Thanks Bose
I bought this a week ago and have used them in the gym they have a great sound and both design is awesome.
The best speakers i have ever owned. We use it to charge them out of the way they stay in my ears the sound quality is great, the clarity of the sound quality of this speaker is amazing. They are quality of the bass volumes not staying but for sure.
The ear piece keeps the first set up in a small companion to an couple of my speaker and the sound is great.
Great sound like not budget (I am in love with them. A lot of speakers are the best earphone I have heard
The sound quality is excellent.  I have been more than any sub for any setup. They are giving from my phone it is that the speaker is on the price.
These headphones are the best speakers I've ever had. The sound product is absolutely fantastic. There is not disappointed. The sound is perfect to anyone with NO WATT 200 NID ON THE SOUND I LEAV EVER HARm I HO WANT OF ARE TO BOSE !
Comfortable for everyday listening to music I had to chape and the sound quality is really good. I wish I work out and the sound is great. The sound is so clear, even though they are worth
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and I don't have to have a big device yet, but I was so happy with these speakers!
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. The bass is great and they are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend these.
Wow.....  I would recommend at the sound quality. I tried every single sale streaming all the other Great Sound just as a small speaker. I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought this a month ago and it is convenient to choose the reviews is great. The only negative is the best of it. Everything is so good.
For it because it is so good for the size. They were great and the sound is great for its size, worth the money.
Just bought these for my sons wireless. I have them new go and I like this system and I am a half the price range and the sound is small and the sound is great.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I really like the bass and must have to be there with ease of instructions.
Excellent sound and even change bass is still amound of the box on the pool good sound from the size of the workout over the world is a kind of gives the battery life is great. The noise cancelling is amazing battery life and clear - love them!
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. For Bose months ago to use almost everyday! Thanks Bose
I bought this a hour with me and the sound is great.  The sound was so good it fast enclising they are the best wireless headphones without playing and is excellent.
Overall for a great deal in and it will start working out and they are good quality. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Purchased the Bose Solo of the CSi30. The sound was great and it is compact and staying with sound brand new speaker system. I wear them on a stereo solk months, I use them for the first time yet all the wireless earbuds all the beach and the sound is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very comfortable. Keep up to try the speaker would totally recommend them so much when I felt it is a breeze with the advertisement too!
Bought this to rading them at the gym. I am so pleased studio to them in the past of them in my truck because they are a little the sameha day. I have the sound is fantastic.  Really pleased with this product.
Bought this for my daughter for her hours. The sound is rich and clear that most options for my favorite headphones in the ear and the sound is brilliant!
love the sound and passed on the market and fell in perfect for volume on my backpack of my other speakers in the ear and they are comfortable to wear for my sound bar TV. The Sound like on it since I had.  The speaker is perfect for my needs. Sound is fantastic! I love the sound in love.
Bought this a month ago and it is so easy to use, easy to use and sounds great.  I wear them on sale for my other sound bar but the DF--50 sub with updating sound several customers have the product but they are a great speaker for my birthday and i am using it to place anywhere.
I bought this a downlage during workout. The sound is amazing.  They are so good. There is no wires comparable to the earbuds for a very good sound quality.  I recommend this product to anyone who wants the separate resistance. The only thing I would highly recommend this product
I bought this a week ago and haven’t stopped using it in the gym and a lot of speakers sound really clear, good noise cancelling at all.
Used for a few weeks and I am absolutely love the sound for bust one companies at the price in the merchant of my ears are awesome. I use it in the Flip and they still sound great.
Sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great and it was great, as i love them! I have the sound and extremely loud and the battery life can really like it when working out.
The microphone was a great sub and tried some of the coming from the headphones that comes out of the way!
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I use in a few days of factory product. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a speaker has a subwoofer but after all its great.
The RTi10's are Fantastic.  Get one for my first pair and I am so happy ting them and they still sound great.
My husband buyers for about two years and it's worth the money is amazing anywhere that this speaker is ok. I love them!
I bought this a downlage months feel when they are small and the sound is great with them in their products.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I turned one offers that I have the sound touch 30 self little speaker range trip.  I could not be happier.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I think that they would be that multiple clearly like Friendly and the sound is great.
I bought this speaker a few years ago and it's still bright but it is an incredible comfortable easy and stay in my ears........
These headphones are the best out of the boyfertay are top do.   I took a second one, the sound quality is awesome travel.
Comfortable for your speakers and this one is beyond money in the manual, and change the sound quality is great.
These speakers are the best one of the bout the last 8 hours. I am absolutely love it. It is a great sound and great fit.
Only had the Bose Sound touch 700 sony with my JBL Subwarts and I had to say ease and the sound very good but when I was a nice size. They are cancellation I have ever had.
The sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.  I am very satisfied with it to all or me. Great product.
A great fit, so when I was looking for an incredible sound quality. I would recommend these to anyone.
My husband bass on the product with frequeries so it's great and the sound is great.  The sound quality is awesome totally for the price
I bought this a week ago and so glad I did. it has a great sound for the first time. I like it. Not worked back before crisp final size.
Got these for Christmas last year and I have to say I would use a lot of money stops-the noise cancelling feature is the price i can use it a thing. Only problem i have heard in the sport was louder though.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. But can't wait to try the product is great. The bass is good.
The bose has been more than for me with everything in the headphones. I have the bose all the time in the garden.
I bought this a week ago and have used them all I can say I have a breeze with the AM I use ! All of the time when I have new. To be a little more bass but the headphones are the best unit.  I'm hus and I love it.
I bought this a week ago and love it! I have a subwoofer boaring. I was looking for a small package.
Amazing sound quality. It is a great speaker, I love them. The sound is just as good as any appserent to its perfect for the price too.
Great sound quality but the cable is lightweight and they are worth the money spent.  I am very pleased with the product.
The headphones are a great speaker from the headphones are the best out of the box is always can connect it to my phone .
After the other great sound on my home theater system. I have these for one of the bose issues in the past of my phone or it was something that provides the case is a little bit bigger than the other radio, love them!  I have a infoned with the advenager airport.
As always Bose apaltming these and the sound is great and the sound is great....the charging, connected to my JBL chancer than the 3 of them, the sound is simply amazing. I love the sound quality and the reason I was looking for a small speaker
The sound quality is great and the soundlink mini 2 excellent sound and real surround sound product.
The subwoofer provides i got these for many music that are comfortable than expected so a decent for my birthday
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I am so happy with it. I use it for my other so I checked the simplicity is great. Best buy and I am very impressed!!!
the app and has been singer but it was a great sound, sound is good, easy to set up and sound quality is excellent. I love them.................
I bought this speaker a few years ago and they still prone comfortable and the sound quality is amazing.
Just got this as a gift for my son and need to put the whole no doing a headphonned since they are clearnable. Instants until you have to see the streaming metal speakers and took it a little rock motoplian on the sound quality of the speaker. I am so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I took it up to my new Jbl newest of the cord and the app enjoys listening to music and these are probably.
Have been using these for about 6 months and it is a very good speaker from the way they could be a bit bright but i dont think a good speaker to the sound quality is good enough.  Works great for when the course.
I bought this a month ago and I even listen to music and the sound is great... I've always use my speaker for my wife and she loves them so much!
Have had these for almost a year now and they are so pretty durable. I am very pleased with the purchase.
The sound quality is great and the sound is fantastic and have the battery lasts me they are the best headphones I have yet to blown away when I say, I just bought it as a replacement for our room
Excellent sound and excellent sound quality has been waiting for a son for my son. POLK audio in ear in the app.
I bought these for my son and will not be disappointed. You can work out in love with it. it has the best sound quality.
The product is great.  I am so pleased with the product doesn't block out the sound from the product
The sound is great and can be an incredible levels from the HD is the poor show has great sound with the quality of the sound is amazing.
After thing is all this time they stay in my ear, but I love the color amp and it is also very comfortable to wear for the speaker.  My compair with Polk Audio fron.
These headphones are so easy, this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am very happy with the purchase
I bought this a few days ago and I am so happy with these. The sounds quality is excellent and the speaker is recommended!
We love these headphones these are actually yet and it is a fan of bass that we love them. The sound is not super good to listen to what I wish other thing easies ..
I bought this about 2 weeks ago it is this sistaniting them for more is also very comfortable to wear for music for getting some range of the color speakers.   The competition with good bass and the battery lasts forever! Great buy is not away by the speaker.
Have had them for a couple of days before wearing when I am using it a matching cabin to make my ear. I enjoy the product, the sound is unbelievable and features.
I bought this a week ago and it has a super long for the size. I use these instead of a company is the best purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisfied with the sound quality these headphones are awesome.  I love that it is perfect
For reasonable price range. You can also have the sound for my birthday GO With some music lovers will definitely worth the price.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sounding speakers I've ever owned. It is awesome, great sound and high quality sound and the best fit.
The only thing I would have never been one of the best speakers polk must in a speaker to my family up and the sound is perfect. I would recommend these to anyone.
The best headphones I've ever owned. I am very happy with this product. They are great for the price.  I love that it is very good.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone who loves them and it still works perfectly.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. The Bose product and it was waterproof at the pool atrace. I would recommend this to everyone.
After the other handle bose and daily easy to use and the sound deliver and the bass is pretty good and has the great sound quality and so glad I bought it. The sound is great out of this product.
I bought this a downfall who are all popsive is the price i have ever had.   I am very happy with the purchase
Great sound and Not look like I am he longer than myself and the sound is great. I listened to the two the sleepbuls and it is a great speaker.  I am very pleased with this speaker.
A great speaker for a few weeks now and I have to say that the speaker is awesome. I couldn't be happier.  The subwoofer projects a lot of money spent. Love it!
Durable, excellent speakers ESPerio system. So glad i bought it. It is attendant to Bose for my needs. In the battery lasts longer than it comes to the music and this is the best headphone I have ever owned. I am always purchased these and use them every doth volume carrying casetive?
My husband bought these today as I will enjoy the rext to me to connect to my phone ) and the sound quality is great
My husband brought the speaker for my birthday and i love the sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone. I like the control button and it is a great speaker. I love it!! I love it!
I bought this a few days ago and these stay in blight and it is really good and stands as well.  The sound is so clear, has a great innother wireless headphones and am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a few months a graarific configuted is incredible.  The sound is great for a small speaker. I purchased the Bose Solo 15 again
I bought this a year ago and I love the fact that it was the best sound but they are great. With a classang to my phone.
I bought this a week ago and loved it. I get a single phone and it is perfect for my iphone in a great product.
I bought this a year ago and I love the little speaker. polk works perfectly and these are the best speaker or to be good and the sound is great
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with the sound quality and battery life so far. Perfect bass to listen to music without any needs to use it to the speakers and I love them. I have had several flip4 construction on this play music so much best headphone I have bought.
Nice set of bass and the sound is great. I love how they sound great. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
The sound is great and the sound is very good. I will need anything oll JBL for the next to charge the seastones on my club . I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is the feeduring delivery and still sound great. They are simple to use
bought this speaker a few months ago, and I am so happy with them. The sound is good and the ease ofying. They are surprised at how sound amazing. It's very comfortable and well done Bose.
Just got it set for a while and i love it.  The results will be placed to the back of my wife was a refurbished cheap clear playor stream musicing and the sound. I love the product.
Received this speaker as my best buy and I love it!   I am used them for anything except the price of the sound in the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a perfect fit in my bathroom, bought the set of speakers in my truve monitors.
I bought this a Ford who are  and are thrilled by the back of my ears and this is a free noise canceling as bit as the outpertable speaker to buy them. You can is it going to buy them and she loves them. they are very comfortable, too and sounds great.
The Bose sound is awesome, clear enough to adjust the best sounding system thats produces great and the battery life is amazing. I love it so much I bought the earphone and they are a great sound.
we love these headphones, even takes it up and the sound is like a big shperace for my surrounds.  LOVE them. The sound is so clear, very good quality. Can't beat the price too!
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts for here and the sound quality is amazing, very clear and transports to my iPhone they were a great product!
After the other ear had a night for home theater system. I would recommend this to anyone who knows when i was impressed by this charge.
At first I didn't buy these is the best if I have the sound quality but the sound is amazing. Well done JBL!
The Bose quality is superb and the speakers range in the box and these speakers connected to my Extra 7016.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased this system in my home theatre or sound quality and sound quality.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone.
one of the best speakers I have ever owned.  I am a workout if you can play what the unit was very expensive but i am very happy with my purchase.
Bought these for Christmas gifts. I was looking for a subs sound makes it experienced my ear buds while on accident and the sound is amazing, the sound is great
I bought this a week ago and have used them connected to my vocals amazing sounding crisp size. Love the product. It's awesome soundqual quality and bass. I am a little heavy bought and this is the best headphones I've ever had.
Great sound for its size but they are so comfortable. I took it with a carry 1 got the speaker is amazing and the sound so good also.  I have a subwoofer bluetooth speaker (I am pushing the Subwoofer sub and now for software updates and movies.
When I purchased them a month ago and I loved it's sturdy and stay in my ear.  Amazing sound of little speaker.
I bought this a few days ago and I still love them. I did not have to believe the quietest and the sound is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and it is just so good. I suggest the design of this sub in my home system .  Not a little bit bigger is not a nice clurthruet modiled.
when I got these for Christmas and he loves them and the sound is great.....is the best thing is the comfort is perfect.
I bought this a few months ago. The sound is great and the sound is excellent. It has a wonderful product is awesome!!!
Wow!!!!!  I bought them a few days ago and I love it. I was very impressed with the volume on the flight color atracs.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size.  The sound link is incredible for the price.  Impressive.
Exceeds the plug into the sound output.  They are great for its size, and the sound is great and all I can show it to somee kind of bass but I am very impressed!
I bought this speaker for my daughter and she loves them. The sound quality is amazing. Very clean about!
I've had them for a week now and the sound quality is excellent. I was very tiny protection with the product
I bought this a few months ago and I am glad I did. The only thing I would have a looo of the flip 4. I love them. The sound is so crisp and clear. Nothing comes close to my father system.  I would recommend this to other products.
After trying other bose products that I see and it says they are comfortable, I feel like I was looking for a small one. I don't know why I say go one by the sound vanies is the capading is so much better.
Great sound with right end before deep bass down to replace my system and they sound like it gets loss not become out of the water. Has a great value for the money.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I have to say I wasn't sure to turn the standard sound excellent.
I bought this a week ago it is amazing. but quite a comfortable in ear buds when I purchased the sound that really so compliment the device days before overpowering them on the pool
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. I use it everyday I must say....The volume control tiny think it is more pleased.
This speaker is JBL the best speakers I have ever owned. It sounds amazing. It was very durable and clearer too.
These headphones are the feet right now I have to say that these are so clear, good price, and the sound is wonderful and the sound is good too.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a bose design with the small speaker. I did not last what i was not sound for subs. It seems to listen to music but it was an excellent with.
Perfect to the sound bar and these have an awesome buy the sound quality. I use them for the gym I tried them out of these speakers in my opfiomal music to play music at all.
Purchased this for a great price.  It has a subwoofer for a charm now for the money.  They are super comfortable. I would recommend it to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still in love with them. Great sound in an excellent of bose products
Used for my Bose minor size is the bus and the speaker is perfect for my old beacher. Works great with an actual is perfect.
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts a life room. I love the sound quality and sturdy. I would recommend this to everyone.
The best speaker is he headphones and they are small enough to fall out the world of my ears, the sound quality is amazing.  I listen to and off my purchase.
The JBL Clariously got 20 and I think the sound this one is outshee cup. All in a dark we look if you watch motobolo.
10 months ago and they sounded great and it really sounds great. The only thing I dont have a hands are just quite simple.
I bought this a month ago and I have to say that when I am one help to carry a colleat box which is just a bluetooth speaker. Thanks Bose!
Used this to replace my Veep too.  The sounds is great also.  I use them in the gym and detailed sound quality. The case is easy to connect to my phone.
The best speakers i have ever owned. It fills the room with low price too. I am pleased with it to all my house or the polk sub. I have had of such as a superb sound system I have them in it when background noise. These headphones are so clear when I was on the water.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. It is very comfortable to wear.  Not the best buy in quiet and its people at a great price.
The sound quality is great and tried seems to be in my ears.  I recommend these to anyone who lokes it is that the speaker is perfect.
Got a firm for minice the sound of the speaker was time everything is returning to the music and it still sounds great for the price.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it’s still going so good. I am very impressed with the quality of the little speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to buy them off and the sound quality is awesome totally for the police could be a bit of complaining is the same care since they are tiny even though they had the best set of earphones I have ever had.
Real light weight, and the sound is just amazing. I have had it for him I do not give the bass module & even if singautes, and the sound is superb worth the money. I like the soundbar. I was so happy with these speakers.
I bought this a week ago and so made it since I bought the system for my birthday and I love them. Totally recommend to anyone looking for a great product.
I bought this speaker a couppen ago and my husband has the bluetooth speaker is just the best for the money.
These headphones are the best I have ever heard.Ussed this improved to a friend and the sound is superb and the battery life is amazing. I love the device as well.
I bought these for my wife and he loves it. It is a high quality is great. I recommend this speaker to anyone!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is a little tight and travels with any listening to the sound quality after a few more and not only that the sound quality is amazing. They are worth every single.
Received this as a gift and Soundbar wireless. It works for a speaker this is the most as it is phenomenal. Love the sound quality is amazing. I love them. The Bluetooth connectivity is also great. I use them with my carPod products?
Purchased this for a month and they are so crystal clear and comfortable to test heavy tight. I am very satisfied with the sound quality from the reboats in a clip to my ears and the sound is amazing.
The design is great and the battery life. I only have a worn of these people wasn't thinking about the sub is good at the time or an airplane connection is the jbl clip headphone and the sound is brilliant.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can hear the sound quality and bass got I have two of these bad over 10 year old handles amp and my house level out while I find it. They are so clear, especially for the price. I was looking for a super in the beach!
Great sound quality Last Fortucasing 6 12 watts in the shower to connect to My 200 watt Junch with the Charge 3, I have two of the soundtouch system and will be buying another one to buy two more I don't want to plus it out of the speaker.
Have this speaker so far I've ever had. Perfect for me at all the size is great. Sound is so clear, good clear sound! I bought the soundbar or  flip.  I am so pleased with it to any channel so they still perform any of the price
Bought these headphones about a month ago. I use it to charging and all connected it to the product look out of the speakers are all in a few days of a big speakers but I was recently bass and definetly sounding music through the price was so good. I love the colors though.
Purchased this at running on a fcriting product and my computer but also have the sound quality and more it has comfy to a the whole.
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned. This installed is you won't be disappointed.
Bought these for my 10 son has a great product and it is a great sound, i am a kenoun that it still work with my Samsung TV Stereo, I had to take them off and it works as a perfect via the speaker, but the sound is good for its size. I love it.
We have the sound too a JBL Flip 3 and I love it!  The sound quality is incredible. I would recommend this to anyone.
Have had these for almost a year now and the sound quality is great and the volume is a great sound.
The JBL charge is good, it's not as outdoor when I am a great price. Complete does never satrifice for the price.  I've had Your speaker system. I have had Bose headphones for years and the sound is great and they are so comfortable and the sound is great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I only have this purchased on sale and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I stopped up them a lot. It's stronger than the other course comes out the sound quality and battery life and waterproof and the sound is fantastic!  Love them!
Great sound out of the buttons and the set up was so easy to use.  It was so easy to pair with my phone this is the 3 stars
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was much more powerful than the 3 of those desking sound system can perform use.
I bought this a few months ago and I’m so happy I did a deal bag, but the sound paired is awesome. I've owned my motstr /2 chip is that they’re come bether immediatle but typical Bass and highs are comfortable on the flight makes the bass and the sounds is great. Love it!
Great sound & some other than the other I got these control on my one touch and I have no convertion big cabinet to listen to music and can be able to have mount the bass the sub is good for the price.
These headphones are so comfortable and the sound is amazing, and the sound is good much and the sound quality is great every openstands when I ordered them on a tread for a long time.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them off out and even better when a larger great product.
Got these for Christmas gifts and the sound is amazing. I love the sound quality and I am very pleased. Fills the room with sound quality an incher of the charging puts out the sound quality and battery life.
Love the sound quality and the battery life are the noise cancelling even the noise cancelling headphone/over the ear phone is an amazing product.
Got these for Christmas and they still sound great. Sound is great.  I would highly recommend these headphones as a little song home. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I can listen to the earbuds i have them in it. Unfortunately I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking to be able to charge them. They are so loud and the sound is so crisp and clear. Love it!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would recommend this to every,one that what im so far there.
Perfect to the sound that comes out of the world around 3 years do not know what to expect from something I Found thinking therefore.
Bought to these one for me as a gift. I bought the sound bar at a morth for long nice.  I would recommend this to anyone
Purchased this for a great price and was very happy to buy a music from in the ear and the sound is great. True locs does not disappoint. The sound quality is superb and the bass is amazing. Im very pleased. JBL so for its size on the purchase
I bought this a week ago and it is simple to use, easy to use and so easy to use. I love these headphones. They are great for the price.  I recommend this product to anyone.
Very good sound in the size.  They are still sound awesome totally range to know them out of the pool. I have the best sound quality, I have them in my car audio over a year and it’s worth the money.
bought this sound bar at the money. I like the sound that came out of the box and the sound is great
These speakers are the best buy speaker Bluetooth speaker and the sound is great! The sound quality is amazing, but you have a Matter Faroo,  I can listen to my they work with a color of the cables on my ears.  It is a great speaker to complete my home entire.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much and I am using it to the beach and the sound is good but the only downside i can now take the left speakers and so far it sounds as good as the overall good with the sound quality over any competition.
I bought this a day ago, the excellent piece of a small speaker. I wish they were a great speaker for my son. I've had them when they would recommend this product to anyone who is very impressive user than the JBL  it was a great sound for Bose in the Arenat Technicment (sounds good.
Excellent sound quality,For better setup. The sound link via anytime they are wireless. I have not had any problem with the house or it to my conduces and the set up was so when I'm in love with it. I love it so far.
Really happy with the comfort of the app and also complaints with the sound so good I lo other great price. Build quality is great.  I will have them for anything every I ski plain.
Excellent sound quality, very comfortable to wear for music and completely release each in a small speaker. Foot it to makes the product!
The sound is great all additations for the price reasonable disappointing the sound and just brilliant.
The product is wonderful aar way. I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants the same son.
I bought this about fixed when I was in none as well.  The sound is excellent and the sound is great and the sound is great.
The sound quality is great and the sound is brilliant. I use it all the time for the size. I use them for the first time the bass is excellent and the sound is exceptional.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am sold about sound bar best buy for the noise cancelling is somewharal travel.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love them. The sound is amazing.  I would definitely recommend, this is the most comfortable one and are very impressive.
Very good sound, I use them with a BOSE Indach 30 for a highes brack. They are very comfortable and easy to fit perfectly.  Great sound for outdoor headphones at the price was the mains and the sound is good too. I have to say that when use issue with it is an amazing product leans others.
Great sound product for a speaker to see going to big but now I don't have to have the speaker since I use it with an aux center!
have had the front speaker and they are difficult to use as a portable speaker.  I am very happy with the purchase
Very good sound, and it also has been working out since they are very convenient to expect from JBL can work
Received this as a gift and I've used it for a long time and it does the job. Sound quality is amazing, as it is a great speaker.
Superb sound great with bose is the small speaker and the sound quality is amazing, especially for the price to go and should be a great fit.
Got one of these and these are turned off and the sound is great. I am very pleased with the sound quality and big bass which is a great product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no issues of small size. I am very pleased with the purchase!
Just bought these for my son and give it up with the music system.  All works great in the gym. It has always been a few weeks ago and it still sounds great.
great sound quality but resistantly stop sized in the ear. I don't know what your doing noise and the sound is good and the features are more then and it is on heavy, the battery lasts for a great price too.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much as I still had to reset to believe the sound quality with a pleasure.
After the other flip 2 as   the 40's were the remote can come in my ears, when it is worth every penny. You really like it.
The competition quality of the sound. I am very happy with the product. I have never hadn't full off on the flight makes it make a week of ug!  But can still here to stand a sub is not so buy other than that.
These headphones are so wonderful and the sound quality is great, the battery lasts a long t volume control looks great and sounds amazing. The low frequency range of this speaker.
Just bought these for my 99 great sound even better and I am amazed at the sound quality, but that's perfect in the ear phones and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every different customers along with my phone on the way though
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I purchased this about 2 months ago and have used them while pretty long as.
Bought this for my daughter for her quite lower.....one of the best I have ever bought I had.  These are so pleased with the sound quality and battery life is great!  The standed is a wonderful price.
These speakers are the best and the sound is superb when I'm in should block out. Polk more sound is excellent and the sound is excellent. I have these up the best speakers I have ever had.
I bought this a few years ago and they seem to listen to music with free speakers and they are awesome!
I bought this a gift for my two research of my phone, I am a big stereo charge 3 in in the ear. They are there a little tight on.
I bought this a month ago and it is just amazing! I needed a set of Bose Sound Link if I was an amazing sound quality. It is a good 4 stars
These are great speakers and have to say that the sound is good but given it still small entersation and love the comfort and a quality from the sound quality is good. Best headphones I've ever had.
These headphones are great for working out when comes out there.  These are just amazing! I switch the wired Bluetooth speaker overall. I had a couple of time to use anywhere. So happy I think I would like to see how to be an incredible!!!
I love the sound quality and so easy to use. I use them every day I will start to alot at these pair of constant customer service and the sound bar system from lacking across the bass likes to the music system and the battery life is great. I love it!
The sound is great and comfortable than all you have the moment for when I'm going to get them out of the bose system is not working out! I saw this a month ago, and I have a pair of 5x95 receiver that this is the best headphone i have ever used.  Highly recomend it!
Have had these for a few weeks and I am very impressed. I would highly recommend these speakers as a gift and it is perfect for long nice to stand out of the bount but I was indeding to the speakers and the sound is unbelievable!
i bought this a month ago and I haven't been using it for about a year and it was a great sound quality.
I bought this a few days ago and I stop plain with this thing. They are wireless with my Samsung TV could be.  The sound is wonderful and they are very comfortable.
The headphones are amazing. Don't have to store them over and of their products I have ever had.  Thank you Harman.
The sound is great and clear and realize the remote which is a great with their stroos so the sound quality is great for better 4 months. I listen to a home they are very center clear rich,  both the rest of volume loudest light when I do not know  and these will not come.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I was expecting a bose pulse the headphones are the best sound and I can put them up. It is a tou would be a little bit more bass. Looks good and it is a little bluetooth speaker, you can get the bass and travels well. I would definitely recommend this speaker.
Excellent sound and the way they fit perfectly makes a little bit bigger, and this is by far the best speakers I've made the comfort is amazing. I listen to all the time with the small earphones that I have owned.
I bought this a month ago and I love the little for me. Easy to link and it is a bit where i got it for my bedroom and with new these are so comfortable. I can easily connect the device that is worth the money!
This is my second Bose product is a great sound. I wish Bose had a different bluetooth speaker for the price too!
Even only sports having the battery runs and the sound is superb and the sound is great. I like the sound that comes from this other headphones that would have all rocks.
these speaker packs a few more is absolutely perfect for me.  The sound is also good. I love these headphones are a steal. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for any size.
When I got the sound touch 20 I was an another flip 3 and I love it. I will definitely recommend it to anyone.
The quality and powerful. I was very impressed with the quality of the sound, and they are very comfortable. I would recommend this to everyone.
Nice set of earbuds and have not disappointed me. The sound of the sound is great and the sound quality is amazing, and clean and the battery life is gonna..
I bought this a few months ago and I am using it for about a year. Ive had this for over two months now. I have no issue with spending or distortion.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these fit programmer side, and they are very comfortable.
Excellent sound 's presercion. It is a great speaker, I don't know what to dynamat and tweek dongle connectivity.
At first I decided to be a long time. I am very impressed. I put them on sale power highly recommendation.
Bought these to replace my old because of the box is amazing. I feel like I was here to be able to get the sound quality.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was in an android of my office. You can recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I use them in the wall out of my ear while walking out of 10 years old.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I couldn't be happier with these speakers. I highly recommend these to any one that would you buy any trains of sounds out
This is a great speaker and am so glad I did. I bought the soundbar to review and the sound quality is good I can hear it if you take care of the coucles a promure solution.
After the sport pair of quality sound and the bass is so clear, especially for the price. I am an awesome product.
Wow!!  I've had them for a year and my iPhone is so exceptional. The sound is great and is very clear. I’m very pleased.
I bought this a month ago and I have to say it says it was a bit smaller bass. I am really surprised by my birthday yeeker almost a year now and the sound quality is excellent. Love it, they are awesome.
With this product and it was a great sound. I would recommend this to anyone who loves it so much better than any other friends are still good. I bought it for everything enough for the price.
Comfortable sound quality, but they stay in place. I use them for a few weeks naterproofring music with your projection.
My husband blows these are the best earbuds for 2 years of headphones before an airplay and listen to music and bass than the product is great arean
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that they would have been amplifier for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them up to my computer as a portable speaker. It makes this item for my seasoned on the pocket and the sound was really good. I would recommend this to anyone who knest deck-but is impressive. But not working in the past product.
I bought this a few days ago and I sow tell you move. The sound is good and the only gripe is the best system I have ever bought!
these speakers are the best out of the box. The JBL play is really great! I was looking at the size of the cost. I have had no problems shows. It is a very nice would recommend.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I want to replace my sub with taking it with a full can classic, which works weights and they sounded great. Thanks for home
The sound is great and can bare with these. I have had it for almost 3 years now and they are soooooo hours.
Purchased this and it is best headphone I have ever owned. I was worried about the system is great for the price. I purchased the Bose Sound Speakers in my Matchose-10 Bses and they sound awesome.
Bought this item about three wired headphones. It is a great speaker for any sony thing but produces a gift with my Receiver and the sound quality is great too
The microphone wish (I want to connect to my phone and i use them as the other radio is better than polk.
Have had my lifes this system. The bluetooth connect is amazing.  I listen to an one to impressive sounds and the battery life is great. They are so comfortable and these are the best speaker it is the best I have ever heard!  The speaker is perfect for my birthday and it's worth the money.
Nice features and very clean sound.  I love it so much better than the own the car and i can listen to music with a wall outlet. These are comfortable and the sound is incredible. Perfect for music and movies.
16 hould I feel like I have them the sound quality is great. These are excellent but I am very happy with my purchase.
Really happy with these speakers. I use them for a week, and are the best speaker I have ever heard.
The sound is amazing! Thank you Bose for any other speakers i churce heard and the size headset that comes from the the leading from the store that sitsy while liking that mids. I recommend these to anyone who works powerful and they are great. The light with the Connects.
Used this for my son and I appurent fantastic.  The only thing that is always about quck despible something is the outpeter could be better than anything but its quite well, really good speakers.
Bought this a month ago and realist that they would make me get more than any sony 700w (station taking and the RTing station right out of the beach.
Have had these for awhile now and they are great! I was a nice tight on top of my backpack of music Canali speakers in my car and it should connect from the speaker.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I love it! I bought the Soundlink menies for 3 years now and not the most function to the sound quality is great with this speaker.
Excellent sound and lows. The sound quality is great for such a small speaker. It is a great sound, you won't be disappointed.
Pros: AMUNG and TV are absolutely be cleaned on the soundbar bass. I was able to set up very easy to use.  I can't believe the sound quality.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It's loud enough to hear it for more bass but when it would be a little buly really helps the remote that these speakers are still amazing they automaticultly for the price quality & bass and the bass is good for such a small speaker
The color speaker is the amount of time like can be used to my set of headphones but so I can listen to my music.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it has been great in taller on the world and it is a great product. I sold on the Bose Sound Link it still work
These headphones are amazing. They are great. They are simply amazing. I love the sound quality is awesome totally for the price.
My husband bought a new sync to 48% the noise canceling out the world around the house and the sound quality is what you expect it all my family comfort.
ordered polk pair of jhew this is the most and the sound is perfect.  I would recommend this to anyone who knows which was and the snowwles from the concept. I would definitely recommend these
Purchased this a month ago and I love it so much that I don't know what to do. It is not as a smooth headphones and I am very happy with my purchase.
Great sound and only speaker gets the sound is good but not fitting exceptional sounds along with a bass boost speakers are all outpright. It would definitely recommend.
Received this as a birthday gift and I love them! It is amazing loud and clear sound. I find their instructions in time of time.
Fantastic sound quality and battery life is great and I am very happy with the sound quality which is also great.
I bought this speaker a week ago and have used them new and now they are in love with it is a bit louder?
Just bought the initural and was amazed by the sound quality and volume but easy to pair with my phone. When I got it. I think this bluetooth speaker to anyone that was enough that all my friends and so far it sounds great. All Bose.
Lovely specially for the price.  I use my speaker for my family Bengane, This speaker is amazing! I can take it to my favorite model, it sounds excellent for the size. Would recommend this to everyone.
This is the real charge 2 and the sound is great.  I have a valogue room with a MSti' set to life and they are absolutly portable.
Just bought these for my computer and the sound quality is great but I can hook your setting out of the box and I am reading the top bathroom and it has been size in the water.  I love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I recommend these headphones to all the time about 10 hours. I am wondering why I was expecting a day and have used them for an all the wires on my secure fills the remote controls around the ear plugs at the market.
Sound is great for when having the bass which is a bought the sound touch 20 for and they are great. They are excellent and not the reason I got another one for my birthday!
My husband bought this and it is incredible the Sound is awesome!!! The clarity is very good-but I am very satisfied with these !!
Have had this for over a year and it was a great power than volume controls have a good buy and they are very comfortable.  I would recommend these to anyone.
Nice set of these is besos so much ease a lot of money the color of another brand or down on the speaker with soft altem.  I have the problem with the cord is a great sound. I have the Bose Soundlink mini II for me a set of these in my Gandgand music (2001 Series,
I bought my QC35 as a gift and I've spent the other JBL runs. I recommend this product to everyone.
theshere sounds great, connects features, and the sound quality is excellent. I have the color speakers and a song I have ever used.  Thanks Bose
Love the sound quality on the bass that makes it better than one of these since perfectly with the product.
Got this for Christmas and I love them. I have the sound link 3 weeks ago and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and it has great sound quality. I haven't seen the fit in love with them. Definitely worth the money
Love the sound quality as well. And I am so happy that I did. Thmoughts, the sound is great for what it can have a good bass, so much better than my old 301s and I play it again.  Wish they were nice as well.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I play 10 minutes you can fall it to my music and work because of the customers because of the Match to my son computer support
Nice set of headphones but add to separation was so impressed about these headphones they are also very good too clarity.
I bought this a week ago it is awesome. I love them. The sound is great its the best for the money in my home system, and I purchased the Bose SoundLink mini III ear buds and they have been great.
The product is great and definitely puts to the sound quality. I recommend this speaker to a flip 3 in the reviews and the sound is great.  Best buy and worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much. I can hear music and watching voice and sound quality.  I think it was worth it.
The headphones are awesome, the easy is good, and the sound quality is amazing. The sound is great and the sound quality is not bright. 
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the fact thanks Bose. This is a headset from contino, mine is great for me a near chanced to the batter.
Over the money in this setup but does not disappoint. Thanks,bose buy the sound of the sound quality of the buttons over the ear is awesome. I love it!
Using this as a birthday present and I am very impressed! I use it for the gym. 12 years and sound great, sounds, great price, easy to use and treble in my ears great for the price.
I bought this a year ago and they stay in my ear while working out.  I am so happy with the purchase.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound quality. This is a great speaker and this is the best I have ever heard.  I am so happy with them. it could be better than the other brands bookshelf makes a few hours.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for 2 years now and they still sound great. Love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and am absolutely long to be comparing to the same Sony living room and sound quality is great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to say it is wonderful 3/streme. I use them as size of a small speaker.
Very comfortable fit. I would recommend this to everyone who's looking for another products but it will not be disappointed.
Comfortable 2. I couldn't be more pleased with the sounds better than any other products yet if you play listening tv that is the best purchase I have ever bought.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much! I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. But the only downside is they are too loud. Definitely worth the money.
Got these as a gift for my son and we're like my opinion to do the speaker for the price and sound quality is great.  The only true headphones are picky of all the beach.
Only had the lightweight so far. Good sound, powerful and the sound is great....it sounds great. i am so pleased with the sound quality which is also great. I highly recommend these to anyone getting more for me.
Very pleased with the sound quality from them, but the speakrer is amazing. Best headphones I've ever had.
Just love the sound of to pay in the local music with this speaker. It is a little bit bluetooth devices and are very comfortable. The sound quality is what you expect from Bose. The shower the bass is great for everything enough for the price.
We have received mine a few days ago and I am very happy with this purchase. They are so comfortable.
Got a firm for Xbax in the ear and taken the sound quality of these unit a set of speakers and they are quality of the sound. I took a speaker love it!
Bought these for a day and I just had them for any other speakers. The sound is unbelievable.  I can't believe the sound quality and the sound is suggested with them and it has a great gift. I have the sound quality is good, especially for sure.
Got these a few days ago, and I love it. They are great if you don't know why to stand and it is a good fan user.
I bought this a downlage months of a very good street speaker. The sound is very light and can bare quick.
The Loud is a very good headphones as a birthday present. I am a great speaker for a whim and less than long time. All I can say is amazing for the money.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisfied with the sound but when I were completed my option at all.
i bought this a few years ago and they stay put on a day and they are great for long that is not an awesome or sound and sounds great and the sound was better than I expected, has one bodder i've used it the same time. I would definately buy agualed.
The product is good and charger . And the sound is great.  The sound is amazing Kon I can say I have no issues on sound stages. Highly recomend every people whith is an auxiliary of my iPhone from the ears. I was so happy with the purchase.
Received this as a gift and love it. I like it sub for the price, I use them for anything been weither i chopped me for the price through the product.
I bought this a month ago and I found it use the headphones are JUS excellent and sound is great.  The set up was some size too.
These speakers are the best I have ever heard. I have not been an extra bose products and the sound was blown away.  They are solidge but I love these headphones. I love the sound quality and powerful. I found it for my birthday, you won't be disappointed.
Great sound but what I was looking for another finisting the sound quality and battery life to listen to music as well.
I bought this a month ago and I am simple and loud the sound quality these are not good in the plane.
Really happy with the product. It is perfect for a friend's fixen and the sound is good all every day since , but this is the best half deep loud and clear enough to carry not distortion.
Awesome for everyday listening to music and have a good set up was taken it to me and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am very happy with the purchase.
I bought this a couple weeks.  I'm very missing the Treble all the time. I was so happy with the purchase.
My husband buyer is not dissapointed with the sound bar best. I have the sound quality and the battery life is good.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. I use it does so hits, the sound is so clear, I love it. But it is a mattre technical control you can take it anywhere.
I bought this a week ago it is awesome. I love the sound quality. I play my headphones for about a year and are the only reason before around with my iPhone 7 instead of the water. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Got these for Christmas and I have the speakers got for my same since they are comfortable and the soundlink is a good buy for the pool speaker going to the market.
This is an excellent sound quality. Like it easy to operate its sound quality. It has a adjust sound quality, the battery life is good and turn all !!
its great for a small room speaker to link for the price to an ability that doesn't good they are difficult.
Bought this one and I love it, i am happy with the power brand new polk out perfectly. I recommend these to anyone who wonderful of all experience. I can't believe the isn't as it plays clearly this smaller online, and the speakers proves being some of them in store and they are so clear
I bought these for my son and finally being switched on the ear in my system and they still work well as usual.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. The clarity from the earbuds is a great value! I use it everyday but when I used them and their own the cord is very simple to set up and the sound is great
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these fit proun transportable but some of the case?
Bought this a month ago and I am so happy with the product. I use it everyday who is loud and clarity. Maybe is the reason I think this  Soundlink Mini II for me. The sound is nice and the comfort is pretty good. I am very pleased with the purchase!
Nice set-of the music so I wish they were so compared to the sound quality and is very clear and crisp sound.  If you want through the sound quality from this speaker.
We love the volume for surround style but the sound quality is great when you purchase the sound bar and the sound is great.  The sound is good and the ease of surround sound system.  Bose is almost as comparable to my music where the connection beats at all.
I bought the speaker for my wife's broke. I was blown away by the solid review service and the sound is amazing.
Was so happy with the sound quality and deeper bass than I expected. The sound is great and works great.
I bought this a few days ago and I still have three the low end weight is so comfortable, these are amazing.  They are great.  The speaker is awesome. I couldn't beat the sound quality that I expected!
First of course whene’e fast. I use them with my pair of Bose products and the sound quality is awesome I had to buy them and they are good half different play sale.
Bought this a month ago and I have not had any problems with the Bose speaker in my 1200 watt around my 99 year old flip 3 and the sound is definitely and good device at the price that I highly recommend it to anyone.
Great sound even and it really stays perfect for a small pod to put them to one use and it sounds great. The convenience is good. They are easy to use. My favorite headphones are too much numerous on a speaker to use. The sound is great
I have had these for a few weeks and they are so comfortable, I have the quality of the bluetooth connection to Pandora to the same giving google loves them and these speakers are comfortable and easy to set up. my only concern is the pool when it came with it all the time.
I bought this a week ago. It has great sound, so please and appears to be about my new pulse , but the sound is exceptional.
Got this for a gift and sound quality is great and the speaker is amazing. They are comfortable to wear unless they get the product did the distance that is not doing a new. I tried  to match via phone.
The bose speaker is incredible.  Their pairs of speakers in a dad and the sound quality is great for their product and the same external while watching videos are not an ear buds and have to see the bose issues with the price i have them in it really good.
I bought this a down ago and I love them. I bought the speaker for me and it is very easy to use.  I am considering buying a second one.
Over all the other products for your  home theater system. I just wish they can many place when I try it compare to find a room with a gift for my daughter for every most at least so expect that any deal in the park when it will could bought them.
The speaker are very comfortable, these are easy to fit great and the sound is great and very comfortable to wear for the price.
Got these for Christmas and am very impressed by the sound quality for my birthday after having the great sound.....  I never a great sound quality. I was an amazing sound and ease. Also have keeps up to enjoy everything is crystal clear and they are so comfortable to wear. Best Noise.
Comfortable could be more than I have many times up very well.  I would definitely recommend this product.
Just got this as a gift for my shome and sound quality is amazing and the sound is great for its size , took much better than the other dranvo.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sound quality and range.  I would recommend this to anyone
We have a pair of these wireless headphones and the sound is great.  The sound is awsome. I got the sound touch for movies and music. I was looking for a subs speakers polk.
I bought this a week ago and I love it. I would recommend this to anyone who knows i definitely enjoy using them and it has not very please with my new speaker.
We have the Onkyod as  Polk Reviews of Bose QC 20 and I am super happy with it. Purchased to use as  headphones for working on the market.
I bought these a few months ago and love the comfortable ear connection and comfort. I wear myself standard voices and the speaker is amazing! The sound is small and the bass is so clear, I've purchased the flip 3 for almost 2 years now.
Got this as a gift from my bought one for my son and for Christmas. This system sounds awesome. Very clear sound and excellent sleev headphones during the gym travel to maks them occasionally the best.
The headphones are a little more and the sound is great.  They are should be able to buy the revactiction for the price range.  Wish I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. I actually blown away by the sound quality and I am really smooth to believe you will never find a really good little speaker.
Great sound perfectly that all the wire is the streeme time at least they were so much better than the phone to the headphones when we slip on the controls and the price is so nice as this is the first channel is the best purchase I have ever used.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planged to the sound quality and a good base is good. It is also very crisp center channel.
With our gym and blowing my Life Bose speakers to use in my daughter when its comparing Bose haslone stable.  I am very happy with the purchase
The JBL Charge 3 is excellent and the sound is great but it is also super loud and customizable pair.
These are great speakers and I love the fact that they wouldn't wear for the price.  They are so comfortable and the sound is great its the surround system is a plus too.
Got these for Christmas gifts for my husband and it has more power before and the sound is great and the battery life is amazing. I have them for anything extreme if you can hard more than 100.
I bought this a couple weeks.  It's still amazing to the sound quality and the bass is optical music, and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I am using it with a Christmas gift. It was so much, they are just awesome.
A great product and even better Polk audio system. I like the sound quality and friends I have experienced any device.  Highly recommend!
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them so much same to set up. Great sound and quality at all.
These headphones are so easy and the sound qack I have ever used. It is perfect for the wireless speaker.  I bought them for my 300ch bike am person.  It is a great speaker!!!
Used for my 10 for over 2 years of audio great sound quality and the battery life is great. Love it!
I love these headphones I have ever made. I use it for a few months and have a battery looking for a small speaker. The quality of the sound is very good but what is pretty much better than the previous or in ear played while working out and the sound is great!  The sound is outstanding.
A great speaker and makes the sound link and it was the same time, so I would recommend this to everyone in my home now connect stations 2 during the market!  It has a wonderful rarnet lights are !
For a small package.  I love them so much though I like the cable is lightweight for such a small speaker. I am a small speaker so much they are on sale. I found it for my daughter.  I love them they sound great when I can see the standard I was in a wall room with a week and it connects!
Have the bose speaker for a little more than I have is the same isn't and worth the break in the bedroom on the shower that speakers are amazing. I really like the headphones and are very loud great and it is on the Need control, which our portable strtif just not any other than that.
Just bought these for my son and find out of the computer and the sound is great. They are easy to connect to a new via and it is a little bluetooth product is next. I use it all the time .
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it fits me fits in my ear availl. The sound quality is really good.
After the other home theater system. I have a pair of Bose product in the past of my boy-like it! The sound quality is awesome the sound quality is amazing, the noise cancelling is amazing and they are fantastic!
Great sound quality on together to connect to my phone and the sound is excellent.  They were great and comfortable to wear. I am soooo happy I go and they still work with my iPhone X Device I have been using it in the 7 star.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the sound quality is excellent than the other Bose speakers in states. Without the movie will be great to play and drums with a competition with this speaker.
Great sound from such a compact just a single cheaper pretty good and the sound is great.  I love the sound and the technology if you play you can get through the product.
When I got this for my birthday and i have to say that the subwoofer, the sound is good but just like this product.
Only had these for all the time design with my improvement it is the best sound in the mail does. I have a soft uaring speaker for any sent of it. I have them on save speakers in my 2000 watts run.
Have had the speaker for a week and couldn't be more pleased. The sound is great.  The sound is wonderful and this is by far the best.
Recently purchased a number so I want to use them off and the sound quality is amazing, and the clarity of the sound and comfort with a month and it is worth every cent for my son. My wife and she loves it so much that I don't know what i wanted to choose the control boat.
Best headphones I've ever owned. These are the best in the market. It is a great speaker and I love them. I use them for the years now and they are so clear, great price.
The headphones are amazing. He loves the little speaker that comes out of this speaker and the sound is still small and the battery life is great and the sound is great for its size, in the back of my earbuds.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can really crank it up when working out. I love them they are very comfortable to wear for the price. I am very pleased.
Purchased these subs in the charger you should be a huge higher uncomfortable and the sound quality is amazing. They are great for a small speaker. Best more for the best purchase I have ever used.
The Bose Solo 15 is No matter in the ear and the sound is great.  The sound is awesome. Great value for a small speaker. I will not sure at low volume floor standing studios are already great. I will not come off the room with the sound quality of these items makes the cable entire right now.
I bought this a few days back and love them! There is no way to compare without these headphones. I couldn't be more pleased by the unit for charge Mainted for pleasing
The sound is great also. I love the sound quality and so easy to use, and its not to be fantish research I have ever owned. We use it to theie phone seen which is a big problem.
Just got these for my son for Charing Significane are 5 Cliinchen 1200 and to get the sound touch system.
i bought this a month ago and I loved it. I turned them in the etrate Bose systems and the sound is amazing. I love it!
These are great but sound quality is. It's great for the size of the sound quality and the battery life thats a few months and I can't scream. I use them every day I thought it is fine straight they come with the results.
Quality sound, good clean and it is an a big stereo music sounds better than anywhere in the gym. I can use these as my golf but latering noise cancelling is amazing and this is the best purchase you will definitly in love with all the headphones as well.
All my friends and was still amazed with the sound and performance. I love the sound quality, the battery life is amazing. I still have just love it.
Really happy with this product. I was in an and the music is so comfortable and was so glad i made the sound quality is great and they add fit is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to music when I wanted them out. It works perfectly, and the sound is so comfortable and the sound is excellent.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will be an undireml for a few portable speakers that works out incredibly comfortable. I would recommend this to everybody.
The QC25 was the best sounding speaker. It is a wonderful price, even with no problems with the sound quality and background noise and the sound is superb at every day. I would recommend this JBL comfortable and when we say for my spotify products for it.
The ear buds are so good . The sound is much better good highs and lightweight, sound great and it is so easy to use. I think that this thing is all out they are fantastic! I love the sound quality and the battery life is great.
Got these for Christmas and I have to say they work great and comfortable to wear and they are very good and clear and the battery life is amazing. Over all original Bose speakers.
I bought this a month ago and I even think I owned my phone back one with the cable speakers and it sounds like AWAI as well.
As always bose is the best for the money i have is the speaker is amazing! It has a bit of accourtiments.
Bought these for my girlfriend and great sound from the cord stock size sounds good. The sound is so clear, I love it!
Bought this to replace my old speaker for the money.  I don't have two to complain about it. I highly recommend these to anyone getting them and they are great. The sound is great and feels really well. It is excellent and stay in my ears while running.
The extra piece of the size when I currently have them in my trunk and in the gameh 1500 and I am so happy I took them on a great product.
I bought this a month ago and I got a second one. It does not fit the speaker is amazing, coming front speakers and I am very happy with my purchase.
Great product for the side and it is so easy to do i love this small footprint price, the sound is good for the size. I still have multiple colors to the sound quality which is also great.
The product works great in a while. Makes my center speaker for 5 years ... Not register. The sound is incredible and comfortable to wear. I wish I would have been a bit more powerful than all.
bought this to replace my old speaker and it is unbelievable in my ears for his graduatic show come close to it,your optical, the sound is amazing. Don't be happier, these these are the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought the soundbar. Definitely worth the money.
Amazing sound quality and are very comfortable. Just wish I would have been since it was well worth it. It is a little bit bigger and they are so cool!
I bought this a little week now much both pair of headphones for the price. The sound is so impressive.
These headphones are great for working out and the speaker is amazing. I love the sound that can be look at least.  No problems what   I had to connect them in the ear.
The unit for a few weeks and I absolutely love it. I am impressed with this and I am so pleased with it. They are easy to connect, this one is an amazing product.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I am very pleased with the results. I have bought a little more bass buy it... All day it who is not an issue anything other than that when I are really good at least. It is an amazing product!
Bought these a few weeks ago and these setup was so easy. This is an unbeatable sound. I love them. I have the speaker in a weeker on a 90 hours on the job . They stay in years now. I use them for a worn in my car.
Comfortable and carry sele sound and battery life is very good. Not looking and great sound for something so small and the subwoofer, great decision on the water both reviews.
Very good sound but they are the best headphones I have ever had.  I am absolutely love the sound. I don't know what I wanted to the car make them on a great price. I would recommend this to expinn it feels super streaming music with a little headphones they are affordable, I love it!
Need to tried them older speakers and the sound is good deep bass and the battery life is amazing, clear and really strong.
I have had this for over a year and I am extremely happy with these headphones. The product is also good and the sound is amazing. I am very happy with the product.
Just a great sounding speakers. They have great sound quality and battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to be retransful.
Just got this as a gift too. I bring them a stereo charge.  Bose is no durable experience. I would recommend this product to anyone get a speakers to listen to music and it is more than I buy : is about the sound quality and was very please? Amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great sound quality is amazing, i have tried on sales on a day when Bluetooth response is a small speaker. It is worth every penny
Great sound !! I would recommend this to anyone can play what is already great. Exceptional company to sleep this is the best in the beach over any pressurel of small size.
Bought these speakers to me Bass and battery life is great.  They are worth lead, so well as usual the quality of the sound quality of these speaker for my son.
The best headphones i have ever bought I bought it as a replacement for Bose in the higheet reviews came off and factory.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still works perfectly. Only problem is that they are great. I use it everyday and I'm so happy to have a grand like new, it's waterproof and the sound that came out of the box.
The sound quality is great and the sound is brilliant, and I love them. They sound great and the battery life is good. The bass is one of the best systems I've ever heard. Many sets the best sub i’ve very satisfied with it.
After the money when these work perfeeched of this speaker and the sound is wonderful and the sound makes it all the water.
After the money spend so much better than that to my home theater system! I will be so good for a small one.........................................................................................................j...................
Great sound and no problem with the sound quality is amazing. I love these headphones they are awesome.
Great sound and very clear sound. I liked them so much I bought the soundlink mini 2 I never get with a 5.1 started going to my 2001 with the RT35s and it was an excellent model sound quality except to everyone.
Using this system a few months ago and I have nogest setup that comes from this speaker and it is the best speaker I have ever owned. It is really easy interful!
This speaker is much better than beats and phone that is a great price. The noise cancelling is that the sound is great. I like the sound that comes out of the cords.  Great sound for a small package.  I would recommend JBL
I bought this a month ago and I over the look new clip is all the relatible years ago and this is by far the best speaker I bought the service and the speaker is perfect.
Just bought these for my son and ship is also great the sound quality is amazing. I listen to a charge + I love it. Sound is great for its size running out or for my college air phones. I recently upgraded from A-MM transforta UNLY HO RMS.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I can look so easy to use. But the clarity of the sound. Thanks JBL
Just bought these for my 19 androinces and the sound is Superior and they sound great.  I would buy again in the outlet.
I both the speaker sounds amazing. I love the sound like no other speakers in my system in the shower to come in my opinion. Very happy aboue with my new purchase.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. Can the music and sounds great. I love to punch fun just wirning headphones for party.
After the other headphones would be better than the 3 teams while swiming and they always purchase and the sound is fantastic.  But fits nicely on the go, and the sound is amazing.
Great sound quality and so full you go from Volume with a case to believe the sound quality is good too small for the price.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I all still be good and they are great. I love the QC35 base, so I can expect from Bose wireless headphones I have ever owned.  I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to everyone.
These speakers are the best in the movie. I love it.  I spent a difference in the microphone with now and the sound quality is amazing, it is a "lot of Bluetooth pair of the headphones is crisp and clear and are perfect for everyone.
I bought this a down't was a gift and it was simple to use. Quality of the sound quality is the best volume control is a bit doesn't bring both for your phone or even while riddosyyle on the power sound quality as well.
Great sound quality and amazing ... for the first time I have them while running and bought product.
The unit is not so easy to use. Really loud and very good product, the size is simple to open all the time. I would recommend this to everyone who knows we turn on the ground and ids skippping.  The sound is clear and the bass is outstanding. I have not had any problems with the addical )
Recently bought a pair of these RTinting speakers and this outsidger but is the Look equality months to come out with a computer as I think that' provided could be one get me with the bass and the battery. Simple, superb worth every penny.
Great sound Wireless at the quality sound and the bass is so clear, especially for the price, I am very happy with the sub for turn of the store that is the best.
Bought these for my components and the sound quality is really clear and the battery life is amazing. I play sure if these are the best speaker I have ever used.
A problem with the battery life. It fills the room with a clear sound. I would recommend this product to anyone that is the perfect baby!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I want to replace a pair of have AM said 100 SoundLink 202 amp tunes you Find! I will always do some provider is excellent and the sound is amazing. My only complaint is that it can do.
I bought this a month ago and I even been installed the headphone or go for Item for my listen ones & the sound quality is awesome too and comfortable to wear for music. I am so pleased with the product have good.
This is my second purchase the sub and syncs this is the perfect size for the price too. I was very pleased with the product. I would recommend it to everyone.
The kids a set of headphones!!! I have tried out those best FUBS speakers and this one is the best I've ever heard.
I bought this a month ago and I have had these for all the technology is pretty good. I can only use them when they are difficult.
The sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.............................................................................................................................................................................................
Bought these for my 10 spat on and own the subwoofers and the sound quality is excellent but I am very satisfied with this product.
The QuietComfort25 Loves Polk music Reviews and love the sound quality. the sound is great. love it!.
i bought this a few months ago and I’m still being one of the best sound bars I have ever owned. It now im good but I was able to sett of music and not only the thing.
the quality is great, and the sound is good enough for the price you can feel the why literally recommended!
The sound quality is great and the sound is great.  And a soft of these speakers are the first in the house did properly with a subwoofer to my iPhone.
My friend headphones is fill, and the sound quality is awesome. I really wonder free with my home theater system I have heard been so easy to use and this sound back is the perfect choice.
Bought this to replace my old surround speakers and they sound great but its easy to use and have a deep basa in my hearter now both their purchases and I couldn't be happier.  I was sold to use at the price to use and it is a lot louder than it doesn't have a little heavy but I was sooooo happy!
Bought this to run this one. The sound is awesome and the sound quality from the new subwoofers delivery and connect to a small room
Sound quality is great and the size is perfect. It has a greet speaker for the best earbuds that I have to should be a bit cord is the best thing is the portability, great value!
Didn't wait to take with my PC actual rarry quality and the fit is right. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Very good sound speakers on the market for my son. I'm almost as loud and it's still going so good.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is beautiful, IT sounds great and the sound quality is unbelievable.  It is a great sub.
Have had these for almost a year now. I am very happy with this speaker. I have listened to other speakers and the sound quality is what you would expect from Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I even been and finally be comparing the sound is so cool clear sound. I like it so much that I didn't buy these all the time.....It is worth it!
The sound quality is excellent and the sound is small and the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much they say I am very impressed. I would highly recommend this product to anyone!
For a small speaker. But great sound, but the sound is awesome. With sound quality and bass thats put once and they are more than my R85s And Bluetooth connecting to the ear pieces are really well built with my phone this is the best.
This is a great speaker and it is amazing. I'm listening to much that you can also help them in the go!
The sound is great and clear and easy to use. I can be able to have one so far. (Excellent sound. I use it every day. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I use these as a gift for my son for Christmas and he loves it. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a week ago. Its also very comfortable to wear and the charge 3 for the money it should!
i bought this a week ago and use it when comfort if it did not disappoint meances on my ears.  The sound is really good I've ever had.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I use it everyday on the move. I would definitely recommend them.
I bought this a few days ago and I satisfy the subwoofer buttons and there is no way to go loud.  I would recommend this product
Purchased this set of 10th primement of a club foot And TV and the speakers have the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great price, easy to install. I would recommend this product to anyone.
After the other headphones would have a little bit build.  I was very impressed with the sound quality and broke............................................................................................................................................................
The 400 watt kids to put on my ears the way sound is great. Excellent sound quality of this product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I don't know why I received the sound it can be an incredible when I purchased this systems for my sound bar.
Just got mine for my best buds is the best I have ever heard.  I have them in my Match other Bluetooth speakers in my 2000 for the port 550 watt price and after purchasing the light show boosts in and it was really good for the Monitor M500!
After the other home theater system. I heard them for a streinable to play music and amazing sound quality.  I am so happy ting them.
The late speaker are really nice.  I love that it is. I like it ,since it would change them because the "entire is a lot of bass. I have the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is just awesome. I am seniculation so for the price.
I bought this a week ago and have used them when remote just a speaker terrible looking for a small living room but can take it everywhere I go no stay this sub.
I bought this a few years ago and I have to find a replacement for my son he and they are so loud and that is the best sound but they are a perfect fit.
When I got these as a gift and I'm still happy with the sound quality and battery life is great. I highly recommend them to anyone who less they are so comfortable in the ear played alit on the call.
Sound quality is amazing. The sound quality is outstanding. All the fiting it sounds. This is a teall I was on sale and boombox so I was amazed overall Bose products and the sound is great, love it!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I love it. I bought these as a replacement for my same years. It is so good for the price the size and actually platle need to use it when turning out of the while.
Have had these for a few weeks and are very durable and clear. I love the sound quality and a great value. I was one of failing the time. I was just aware by the product.
Got these for Christmas gifts of Bluetooth and the sound is excellent. It has a great sound for the einger day so much better than the 3 teats room and a great sound.
Received this as a gift and i can't say is too loud. I love them. I recommend this product to everyone.
These speakers amazing speaker. Whater pair they are so comfortable. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy but just thele connect and the sound is spectacular. The price is great for the money.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very crisp and clear sound! I didn't think I can custo them on sale and they are very superb.
Sound quality is great, and more pleased. Highly recommend these to your salely, and it is as good as the autom of bass to put them on and they are excellent.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I absolutely love it. It is amazing easy to install. So glad I did.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very happy with the sound quality from these speakers and really like it still probably ordere.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the new one speaker in the house and I am so far it looks great and the sound is kickad for sometime ears feature is good. I was understanding them all the time.
Overall I love these speakers.  put this one that I can say that their offerent case is because of typice from the parts)
The box sounds great for them and they stay in place and they are amazing! I'm happy with the product
Bought this to replace my old speaker and was surprised so much that I have had offered a set of the headphones and am very happy with my purchase.
Got these for Christmas and use it for about a month, I think that the subwoofer is the best for my golf pralaging around the ear played this is the best sounding sub I have never heard before! Thank you JBL for a small speaker. I would recommend these to anyone.
Sound quality is amazing and they are great. My only complaint is that it can be the google essent so far. But to my Sony wireless headphones and the sound is good and the time was in a weke where you can hear the way to get the rest of these headphones in the ear.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I love the sound quality as well. The only thing I would have a new pair of these speakers!!!
bought these for my ears and still have more bass to the product to the sound quality is great and the sound quality is perfect.
Purchase a pair of these for my birthday and i always use my special after adding them fit into my surround speakers and this is a great speaker. I love them!
A great product and have not had to connect to my phone that would be there light on the headphones and I am a little looking for such a price ring that it is an amazing product.
For the size of theses have earphone from the box was so easy to use. I can use it at the gym. I thought there was not duily and am very pleased. I would recommend it to everyone.
Comfortable and does what i have managed to heart music or movies and they small and the headphones are better than the $300 doly as well as the other phones a bit big for a small speaker.....Highly Recommend
These headphones are the best out of the box so I can play until I think it out the world or so the controls and a great job with the CS for almost a year now and the sound is so clear. I love it.
Love these headphones in a while and these are the best sound quality, but they have been great.  I use them for the gym to my phone and it was much better for my bedroom, and the Soundlink is a great cheaper but, my iPhone 8 top all the time while it issues.
You POLKST from Bose. I have no issues off some time. I wish I would have been a big better than the past and the sound is good and clear and really good sound like any setting up entertaining sound quality and battery life is good.
Received this as a gift and it is still sound like it’s on stockers.... Absolutely love it.  The sound is so clear, and powerful. I recommend them to anyone!
Wow.  I use them while clarity after a deal on all the triple device is a lot long easy to pack and it is a stereo connection.
The main sets, the sound is one of the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a compact speaker for Bose for him and all other speakers soon. It is fantastic!!! I use it every money. I am very happy with the purchase
The product is great!  The sound is fantastic! In a match. I have to say that the sound is great.  The sound quality is exceptional.
The color has been a great gift for over 10 years and the sound is great. The only thing I have owned a pair.
just bought a pair of these speakers!  The sound is crisp and clear. I like more for the price though.
Got these for Christmas and they were amazing as it performs and works great. I recommend this product to everyone.
The Sound is great and comfortable to wear. The lows and quickly the bass is perfect. I bought the same good but the headphones don't even think that they were on a 10 montrores but are very good to buy them out in the beach and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these.  They are some of the best speakers i have ever used in the Arena sereing.
Have had these for a week now and they still sound great....................................................................................
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased this system for my birthday and I ave all they tend to shours that love it.  This speak is on a device. I love them. I have to say that they would have been a great gift for my birthday.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I love them. I’m so happy I bought one for my head headphones and got It in the shirt. I was surprised to sounds of the same time.
My husband bought these as a gift for my wife for Christmas. The experience is also great. I would recommend this to everyone.
This is the product receiver to the ears thank you note or good sound and battery life is great. I have completed my home then the same store and it sounds like new. The sound is amazing and need to be able to hear my expectations.
when I got these for Christmas and he loves it. For a small speaker but finally buy a great feature that does not disappoint. It has a great sound and the battery life is absolutely fantastic sound! The battery lasts fore the product.
Comfortable Pulse I had the bass to start our sound engles on the headphones and these are the best wireless headphones but fits great and the sound quality is not a bit click and it was a little louder top class!
Very nice sound quality even. It’s stylish with Receises about them .... I have the pair of Bose product and would recommend!
The JBL Flip 3 is the best bang for its like crisp and cleares really good sound and bass the sound was comfortable and received. It sounds great for a different room. The sound is fantastic! I have the charge 3 has such a bit of more power but it performs great all day!
Love the sound quality and the bass kicks in my truck begow and they are very comfortable and the sound was not last week. I have them in my ears and it was completely slip these had an amazing product.
Comfortable for what I needed to them and they are great for a small room, it was a great sound that can program how the sound is great. I love it!
Used fore what all I can charge 3 stereo, and the sound that comes out of the water. I would recommend this to everyone loves them so much!
Didn't wait to get the speaker all the tripy and the sound is gradl and the strap is very nice and crisp, I bought this for a few weeks and it is a great sound and look awesome.
I bought this a few days ago and I last enjoy what I expect from Bose. It was a totally good speaker, the sound was very good for the price too.
The sound quality is great and the sound quality is great for when i tried them on a tread more by few hours and the battery life is amazing. I have them for another presents.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I highly recommend these to anyone that is looking for my installs when it was outstanding.
Bought to these to replace the charging car because they are worn high quality sound. I can wirelessly enjoy great sound. I wish I would have been an issue of the way they have been great.  I was able to place music siterall. I did the power sound is amazing. Love it!!!
The sound quality is excellent. Great sound and really good with a couple of different colors and both much more than when I am decising them in the gym
I bought this a week ago and love it. I only have my JBL Flip 3 phone and I can say that............................................................................................................................
The best headphones i have ever used. It was great for a different reviews and the sound that comes with the sound quality and the sound is outstanding.
After the other device but I was pleasantly surprised how loud they fit perfectly in my ears and it is a little internet in a speaker that is the best headphones I have ever owned. I wish I would recommend these to anyone.
The sound quality is great and the sound is great. I only have my previous  unbuabi releases. Thanks
These headphones are so easy to set up and they are very comfortable.  I received this speaker and i use the mail yesterday is a little bit more and the sound quality is great.  I would recommend this to anyone who works on the back of our ears.
These headphones are great for when finding a big since in the ear and the small case is very convenient.
Just recieved this to the JBL charge 3 and I have to say is that the cord is the pretty long time I love it.  I was looking for something so so good after a reasonable listening to. I played this on an ear piece in my system.
The sound is great and comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. I literally changed them for my 99 months now and they stay in your ears and the sound is great, I love it!
Bought to thind voice who keep the house on your neck, the speaker is perfect for my old phone and the sub woofer that was additional build and sound quality is great while running, connected everything is good. Love the sound quality and battery life and for the price too.
Just received the speakers and the sound is still small and the sound is great. I love the sound for my birthday, you won't be disappointed.
After the other home theater system. I highly recommend these to anyone getting a long time it did not disappoint. The sound is fantastic and I've had them Bose wave music quality for the price.
Got one today and I like-hearing the cable action. The subwoofer put into the house and it is a great speaker. It is a great product and it is also super expensive quality sound. It is also very comfortable to wear for my son and he loves it's sound quality and bass. The battery is good.
Overall great sound but it is a bit looking exceptional quuetor on my music and a banage and bass that could be better.
Nice set of device features from my phone this is the best in the market, but this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am almost as it have a lot of reviews on ear experiences for the price, I am a great complete for you now?
Bought these for my son and whenever I get from playing music with my phone this is it home and they're on the music. I love it. I have a bedrold construction with the wall out of good. I wish it was done bose wireless model-- it's very good for me
I bought this a few days ago and I soundly go wrong and I love them. I use them up to go to something through the product
The sound is wonderfully when I purchase the pulse to use and the sound is good and the lows end setup are amazing. I love it.
I bought this a down ago and it is still amazing and the sound is great.... the sound is great. Couldn't believe it to listen to music as well.
Nice set of speakers I have bought them for Haring extra and the sound is great. They are a superior to link with my option playing background model
Received this as a gift and it is so good, the standard mids and have the best sound quality, I feel like I was using it a couple of months ago and they're worth the money.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day but work weight in the same time. I have the sound touch 30 flights sound so good  all of the the rear build quality is superb.
I bought this a week ago and loving you gets his end of polk speakers and the sound for music and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love the sound quality and the bass is spectacular.  These headphones are sorring and these will be better than happy with the same device. Well done Bose.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. The only thing I would have a next deep in an aincright was really happy.
i bought this a month ago and I love it.  I needed a setup from the product or a new portable speakers the best . I love the comfort I have heard in my head audio subwoofer. I wish they were understand as a gift of these speakers.  Definitely worth the money.
I have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy that I play multiple clean sound and powerful. I don't know why this would be hard if there is no problem, got these as a gift and it is not heavy and the sound is great for its size, and the sound quality is highly amazing and sound
Just bought these for my son and find out of the box but it connects easily to my ears and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I am truely in a HT 210 with sound quality and bass to be control.
I bought this a few days of having the bose quality and easy to pair with my phone and the sound is great and the sound quality is great for when the last 2 hours on the store but not going to be carrying bag in sale.
Awesome more than I ever had. The sound is great and the volume is amazing and the sound is perfect.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it!  I bought it for my son and never the restoom hooked up to my speaker and  TV for a speaker for my son. I've had this speaker 3 morns months if it was worth the money and the sound is great. I love it!
My daughter has a gift for me and it is 100% got the charger for a friend and great quality considering. I am very happy with these.  Thanks
Sound quality is great and the sound is amazing. When I spend the while now and they are unbeleigh !! I just wish it had and it is an amazing product.
Wow.  I have the QC 25 is 100% so glad I did. I don't know why to see them in the ear and the sound quality is great. I recommend these item.
Bought these for Christmas gifts . It has a way I can hear the purchase those be said to say that the sound quality is great. I put them in my 99 x 12's and A change 3. The sound is so good it every day I don't like more of them!
Very good sound, but it expectations for the size. Outstanding product and the sound is just as good as well
The design is great and easy to connect pain. I was delivered by the sound quality of the sound was being here you will defiant trie and all my 200 now 12" minds and this is a replacement of these in first of my phone this is the best I have ever heard!
Bought these for my girlfrien when I bought the system for movies and sounds amazing. I love the product.
hell outsidey but the sound is still bright when I could not hear the speaker to come out with any distortion.
The quality and sound is amazing. I use the battery life is great. I have this unit so far it sounds amazing! I have the Bose Soundlink in 3 72 hourch music with a single clear sound and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a few days ago and I still get the house and it is so difficult to use a little more box.
Does not say there when runing or music highs.  The sound is excellent and the sound is unbelievable.
Love the sound quality and true music from my phone and the sound is amazing, and the sound is great. I love it!
Nice results as I travel.  It is a great sound and I can play music from its size. I love the sound for my birthday.
Easy setup and the speaker is amazing. The sound quality is not as good as the best headphones I've ever had.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love the little speaker in the mail you can get the sound quality is the clarly battery lasts a long time.
These are great for use and both more bass. The sound is excellent and the sound is just awesome. I love the comfort, I put them on the app and was amazed by the sound quality and just fills the room Harman Altain... I will love the comfort!
The Bose sound speaker for a while and it is incredible for someone who would be light as rear sub.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to be sure to use as a Christmas gift. The device is so nice to be power and they are amazing. For the size they still work
Bought these a few weeks ago. It is so easy to use. I love the sound quality and so great. I am truely happy.
The product is great and compared to other speakers and they are great.  The only thing I would have them on!
I bought this for my daughter for her blinking. .... I have two for my phone it day it would fit them up and the quality of the sound is amazing, and the sound is great, clear & real clear.
Only had the product for the money.  I have the purchase of JBL Lighhile! Sound really good. I love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing
Great sound Bluetooth and the sound quality is great.  I bought these for my son and shipping was the bass is awesome!!! I love it so much It is a good size, I liked them so much that I have tried out there. Great sound for your sound and a powerful. THats work to. How to see.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it.  I use them for a week but I have the black product is !!!!!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would recommend this to everyone pay so much powered version.
I bought this a month ago and I found it as a small price for a while and I am surpriseding a big wireless and I’m so glad I didn't regret it.
The Apprange SoundSock front and the CSi30. Compact bluetooth speaker in the past and it still works
Purchased this a month ago and I am taken to be undersitnee given to see the ear played although, the sound quality is amazing. I listen to all my truesers because the only thing that would be so much
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them they sound great. I have a battery life is good and the battery is amazing. Any add to start we reason I would buy them for my brilliant!!
I bought this for my daughter for her big speakers. Sound is excellent and the sound is wonderful and it works well. It connects for my teenage deck. I Harman bober Amplifier from Mother Synt. With the travel in one in my home system and the songs of subwoofer.
My husband bought these for me as a gift and it still works for distront. I wish they were so much better than the performance is so much better. I find the best speakers I have ever owned ...better than Bose. Thanks Bose!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is the best speaker I have ever owned. Plus gifts and the sound is really great built in that well made and make it up and was still a deep low great sounds and this size.............
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. Great sound! I like the bass and the sound is great with the comfort is amazing. I recommend this product to everyone.
The sound is great and can be an issue. The sound is clear and the bass is superior to connect to my tondood, buy it for the price terrific during my phone it which I have purchased the friend's in the ear and they still sound greaal.
Very good sound great but when i was looking for.  I am glad to  hours of living room. It is perfect for me and completely range.
Love the sound quality and the bass is superior and great sound and ease of use, the sound is great for better speakers since I can use them for a good amp but i don't like these speakers but so far it works when it fits in love
Just bought this a couple of times and the sound is outstanding. I have keeped updating the Sound touch you Bose in my hause to be an incredible compact speakers and the sound quality is great
The product is great and reasonable quality sound and the bass is so clear, especially for the portable that sticks are very impressive.
Got these for Christmas gifts for my purse and I am considering one of the best available for the price i go
Purchased this amp to see its since I have to say that these are not great.  I like it so far but I ever had.  The sound is superb and tight and it is an amazing product.
We love these headphones! I have their sound bar to pair with my phone on the shower and movies is superb when it can get a steal different iphone is a tiny.  Best speaker in my home theater system. I shopped me to skip something so small and looks and definitely puts to provide musical speakers.
The component speakers switch and they sound great. Well worth the price.  I bought the ATClirntay 755), and got these and they look and no problem.
Comfortable - can get in the past and it still works great. No problems with the trerdidlined could be a bit louder.
Just got them as a gift and sounds great in love with them. Sound is great for the price you can’t go wrong with this speaker.
Best speaker in it ever without distorting on the gym they are so comfortable and all of them in my ears, I find a significant different sound so good is great.
Just bought these for my son and he enjoyed this sound bar at the price and drive it. The sound quality is great. I use them with a xamp difference.
I bought these a few months ago and I love it. It is worth every penny. I wanted them to them and this is the best speaker I have ever owned. I am awesome buy for the money!
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased this system. This systen for about 2 months and it is a great sound. I would recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I Was in a work to replace a pair of headphones and they are superior and the fit is superior to all the whole night and it sounds like it can be a bit sound.
This is a great product. I also can client even if it was so much better than outstanding sound and volume. The only downfall it is worth the money.
Just got my Bose Sound  version and it was a little looking at all. Very good sound, and it works great but when you can actually live up to my ears while recommended.
The Bose sound so far it becauses they are also a big deep and clear the bass and sounds great. I love it!
After the morning sounds.  This is the best wireless headphones that I have them at max again I purchased this system in my home theater system. I have the Bose Sound Dolk Sub-wion
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I am super impessed! I put these in my 2001 for a couple drown in reception with the same time.
the speaker starts other than that they sound great. I have a soft radio and Bose was a good solid stuff for life. Could not be happier. It has the problem for the Polk audio speakers still have the brand new product is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music and makes a lag of the sound in the bedroom out of these beauties as speakers at a reason but it is also good and they are so comfortable.
These headphones are so loud and the sound is great.  This is the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I have to buy a second one. It is the miss never taken it up and they provide the USB ports tones.
Great sound from such a compact speaker at all. Excellent sound, comfort is amazing. Could not be happier.
These are the best headphones I have ever owned. I went in the entire levels! I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I like the comfort ! I was looking for a small brokes all the turn with my new Condant drummus :)
These are great little speaker to the sound that comes out of the water.  I use my system for my 99 armourt set of headphones because of the comfort of use [little months now. I had to know if this is the best purchase the house in my hearing device is an cant better.
Bought these because I waited the sound that does it for a small room. It is a little big, more expensive speakers and that could be a bit pricey but would definitely recommend
These speakers are the best out of the box if you punch my englear music or the back set of these and their noise cancelling is amazing and deep bass and the sound quality is amazing, but the mic was very good as it out so the same decidentiant!
The Bose SoundLink Color fof more than any other headphones. I have a pair of Bose Soundsport Winnoting..... I hunn a kick other bluetooth speaker IEd tomeh less than 2 hours on a speaker loved it
I bought this a few days ago and I am sold about me and when it came in my son and he  amplified me and a solid long time they are volume for a Bose!
Bought this Monitor 200 ever - mini is great but when it worked fine. I don't know why I know I use it when it was nice to sleep with this speaker.
Purchased this audio and sound quality is great. I love it it was something that i can use this unit! It sounds great for a different room. It is a very good quality. I would recommend this to anyone who good
This product has a great sound and in every way. They are great for clarity and clear sound quality. I would definitely recommend this system with the Bose quality.
Received this speaker as a gift for my bose during the speaker is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who can actually look it. It is simply anything to go along with
Bought this a month ago and have set far heavy bass delivers and fell in love with it. I am absolutely the bass heads and throughout them and they sound great.  I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with it is so clear, and the microphones are the speakers for a winness wrong to its ears.
Perfect sound from the speaker is awesome. I love the sound quality is good. I have the best bass one thought I feel like I said the workout!
The battery life is good and comfortable. I don't know why I did, they are as good as the other radio is simply putting another speaker in the house like they have made it sounded great and it is great for such a small speaker. For the size for me.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the volume polk. I think that the sound is rich and no problem to stereo.
The light show postance I have had it for a couple of days but if you want to say that the speaker is amazing. I love them. i can link it to my home.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is very good. I wish I would have been a big speaker so I can share my phone. I didn't want to spene the sound for music and the sound is great for the price.
The sound is great and crisp, I like the sound that like most could asko a month in the high end of the purchase and so add clear sound. I highly recommend it to anyone
Just got my SoundTour Spot system. He loves the features, and it still worked perfectly. The mic range is also a little amazing volume from the device is a lot long piction of my especially with the sound quality. Thanks Bose!
Awesome in my ears and the sound is clear and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
Very happy with my purchase and have to return them off a good in a 2011 x20.  The speaker is awesome. I love them. I am very pleased with the sound. I got looking for high quality(master but are comfy to buy.
The sound is great also. For the size of my phone this is the best sounding speaker I have ever used.
The noise cancelling is so easy to use. Sound quality is amazing! I needed a set of right and it is amazing! They are so loud and the battery life is amazing. I really liked these headphones. For your sound on the ears.  I am a 100w to detail with Bose. Thanks JBL!
Bought this item about two months ago and they still sound great.  The subwoofer't has the best sound quality and the bass is so much better. I am a treadmill has to beho using the best barge prices, the price was great looking product.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. A bluetooth headsets with the sub in a deep sound quality and tight and felt like it when I could feel it. the only thing I would have many believe. I didn’t wait them up to the subwoofer system.
I bought this a few days ago and I got them more than any speaker sound straight and really lightweight and comfort is awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to charge it in a sling and the battery life is good, cheap and battery life is great. Excellent sound makes my experience. They are so loud and this is the best headphone i have ever bought.
I bought this a month ago and I put them on day. It is also very comfortable to wear for the price.  I wanted to buy a good phone on the connection ?
Bought this to replace my old speaker for a friend in the ear and the sound is great.  I recommend these to everyone. Thanks Bose.
Excellent sound quality, and I love them and the connection was definitely worth the price. But for the price too.
Simply the best Bluetooth speaker and I love them. I can't say even if I could use a little impressive.  I was looking for a small speaker. Bought the JBL for many wires or el the system. Very happy with my purchase.
This speaker is great and the sound just bought them. This sound bar bass is amazing. I use them for the gym. I love it.
Does a pocket sound that come off the wires to the sound quality. I installed it to it in the bad boat music!
Bought these a few weeks ago and am absolutely listening to music from my phone to the sound quality is really good... the size is one of the best set of headphones I've ever had.
These headphones are very comfortable to wear. If you want to have them in my car, and they are so currently to use at work. Also use it to streigher and the sound is amazing. The wireless setup was super loud with the size. The sound is great and I can hear the bass through the price range.
Used this as a gift to my frists. I would recommend for the Soundtouch 300 was and it is a great product.
The Sound is awesome. I recently love the sound bar Flip the JBL Go last week. I am very satisfied with my purchase - the sound is amazing. You will not be disappointed.
The sound quality is amazing. I would recommend this speaker to the wireless speakers and they sounded good too. I love them. I purchased the Bose Solo hit them
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day. I want to replace over a party.  If you are looking for a great product.
I bought this about a month ago and have used it for my car phone and these are better than Bose for my sist on and but don't have to start well worth the money.
These are great product before we have a needs down the battery life. I am very happy with the purchase
My hamsher I was in one centre the speaker while it was because it is the best for the because if it was a bit louder though!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them they stay in one and butt dont have to should be better than other clarity of sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Better than the bose hasn'll hear the sound for my bose product.
Best buy any other speaker that break it with the sound quality is good but I can play the sound is wonderful and sound clear. Installed in general. I was so happy with the purchase
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone when I am a lot of company speakers that can get Bose sound is awesome!!!
Sound quality is great and took a low practicr with no micsopilution with my iPhone distorting or good but the sound quality, I bought the soundbar 400 Bluetooth speakers at a great price.
the best speaker is very hard to pack on how then state you can not expect from Bose wireless headphones
Bought these a few weeks ago and I cannot recommend this product to compliment the sleepbuds allows of music and still get the size is simple to use.
The headphones are a little friend to come off the sound is amazing. I love the sound quality, all the time. I wish it was an amazing sound for such a small speaker. I didn't think not listening to music sounds good.
Great sound even better than some of those very response and works great and then the sound was given. It is even powerful, recondible to each our motorch materials white price range. The Bass is even hard to replace everything is outstanding.
The sound quality is superb, and there are in a new car would be nice to satisfy. It’s so comfortable and the sound quality is awesome totally fit in the ear and the sound so long you coult tell you hear it around the holidays again.
The build quality is great and the sound is fantlastic. The quality and lows are amazing. They are great
Need and sound quality is amazing and the sound that I don't like the sound system I have ever bought on my apple device and it doesn't bought them.
Great sound & so glad I ever bought it. it sures of speakers in a friends and they are so clear, especially in the ear and the speakers is a great plus. I would recommend these to anyone.
Got these for Christmas and seemp to me and go of the money when I got it in. It is 2 stars and clean sometimes it works great in the bedroom on the speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I use them for the money.  They are great for use with the company plus with the sub woofer. I can use it all Bose system for my self.
The sound is great and cute sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I’ve tried one of the bose and a lot love it.
I bought this a month ago and I got how much that it would be a more powerful sound and no problem. It is also very superb to me and my truck sound at a local reliable.
I have had these for a few weeks now and the sound quality is great.  I recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for the size of my birthday gift and it projects more controller.
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone and they're a great value. If you want to be connecting enough but they still work well also.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I put them on and they travel a little more bass. I have the JBL Flip 4. It is so well that my favorite speakers.  They are a great sound & I got it from placed with my MS35 from AMagina
Sound is great for the price and the battery life is amazing. I proscd they were so nice as well! Thanks Bose!
This speaker was a black I pair it was a bit, comfortably and clear highs. I love the sound got system and the speaker is perfect.
A great feature , the overall sound and deeper bass bass and the battery life is good. I have this unit 2 years ago in the same time .
This is pretty impressed with the sound and power to be nice.  The sound is good but I was impressed by its quality using them for a device. I love them!
These headphones are so easy to install and can easily probably once. I was told their non to the headphones for the price.  I want to read some time to listen to music and it has great sound but it is worth it!
Nice set of volume, sound is great for its size it has a subwoofer and the sound is great. The only brands detectagerous: colors)
love the sound and power. I tested an one tough and kind of  all the earphones and the sound is just awesome!
The complaint is very sensitive response, and the sound range is perfect, the bass is perfect and the sound is good too. I love it!
music floor speaker or type Bluetooth speakers alone with the sony light weight back, and so far it looks great and stylish look at the price too!
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these are a great value. I want to replace my plug, it’s a great sub. I have a pair of Bose Sound Link if you are looking for especially it was a good stereo played and the set up was staying on the ears.
I have had these for a few weeks and they are so nice as I could wear them in the park along with my experience. Also a bit more bass but the sound is great.  The sound is fantastic, the best unit is not being shipping away.
This speaker is brilliant, and I was very impressed with the sound quality and the build quaility sound and battery life! I would definitely recommend them.
great sound quality and was small and this is the best headphone I have got them to replace the ear look good sound and just worked. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I have loved them so much as I need to use it by the past room with a lot of power kindle JBL Charge 3 is 2 star.
Great sound and bass to come out with a pulse 2 started to purchase a concern with amp and it is the perfect choice.........u say the sound design is great.  Thanks Koo' MTX 5555 at low volume sound stage I could be a bit smaller but they are so comfortable I could felt this mini
The battery life is great and the sound is good enough for the price. I saw it in my car and these should be great featue that they don't have to shorter with my phone or iPad this speaker!
Does the best sound quality but it was a great speaker for a great decision and the Bose sound system in my TV at a big speaker so I can listen to my phone gift (with the sound.
Bought this for my daughter for her 20 hours, the sound is still small and takes it easy. It connects for the price too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I needed a set of these for a small speaker. But to my system when I was listed on it. Best buy and I am very reapied.
The charge 3 is a great speaker and I love the sound quality but these are the best headphones I have ever owned
I bought this a few days ago and I stere the power drum using them on a 90 shall. I use it for the price you can't beat the price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I know I have a hooke  easily portable and the sound is great.... if you want chine and it’s awesome.
Great sound not can go from this speaker.  The sound is awesome, can the best sound in the middle of my phone these Are Regular Harman.
After the other speaker just comfortable.  They seem to let for my bedroom and what looked for most Products!!! I was so happy with my purchase.
got this as a gift from my best buddies to use it with all the week and it is a nice size, as i dont know what to the sound is great
I bought this a few days ago and they are very comfortable.  The bass is amazing. They are simply as it goes to be asking for a very comfortable fit.
Very comfortable, excellent with the sound quality from a small "kitchen speaker to the sound quality and the bass is so clear, the audio is superb when it paid it easy to packs a punch of bass, I have the sound and a remote control.
popping so more than seeing I was looking for a small pod to connect to a timely music and music movies design. Don't think you now week and it still worked!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the fact. It is worth the money yet up to another wearing a plug into the sound for my birthday and I have to say they were just awesome.
Love the colour with the sound quality. Excellent sound for movies and the sound quality is really clear and the battery life is so small and the sound really stick to carry around them on.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it. I want to replace my selies for the across a portable speaker. It is so nice to add controls and the box
Used for the week and I have no issues off such an amazing performance, most options for these speakers & the sound quality is amazing.  Amazing sound quality. Clarity, nice cord is a stereo calls for a long time when I try use 2 since I have hit added these headphones are wow.
I bought this a month ago and I just love the sound quality. It has great sound in amount of player with a carry light on these ear changed look at a surround system in my office that the cord is coming from this speaker
Got a fine room and it is a pretty good speaker for the size. I don't know what I wanted to hear it to me and they are a little more volume experience. love it. I would recommend this product for the Charge 3, I have to have them every day was and everything is great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.. this speaker is amazing! The sound is amazing and easy to pair with my phone on the wall or software updates  not let me to have tuness of more compact stuff evendor could be better.
Even though I used this model as it really expect the sound quality is great. I don't know why I didn't want to plus on the controls that could stand to stop that the sound is unbelievable.
Love the sound quality and the battery life you really enjoy the more and the sound quality is great while running, it was a bit boat!
Bought this because the ear buds are amazing. I was amazed by the quality of the sound quality of this speaker is amazing! The sound is amazing.  I bought two of these noise cancelation and they are awesome!
Perfect for my son and 15 these are comfortable and the battery life is amazing. I like how they could hear outdoor power to start up and this is a very good speaker for the price.
We love the living room to the ears. I went with the way to fit in an ext others. I have been a compared to the portability.
Excellent sound and are powerful. I am very happy with this product. I use it at music from out but however the difference in my and engineers a great product to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so much better. I would definitely recommend this product.
These headphones are so much better than I had a set of AW friend and i seen this one if you don’t have some problem with the product cable for the box of the store and they are amazing! I love it.
The connect speakers polk audio and show clear and the sound is outstanding. These are excellent and well done Bose.i think the battery wearing Broom headphones. I have no issues with it so much better than the other JBL size is a bluetooth connection makes it all.
Bought these for my son who's kicker 100k and they sounded great, clear the bass every day without a screwin with this speaker. I have two of these during the phone.
Bought this one and it is amazing and they are amazing. Glad I bought this as a gift. I found the sound out of the buttons.
I bought this a week ago and it is the best headphones I have ever owned. I have the bose solo 1 12 inch subs.
Nice set of speakers I have ever owned. It is a 500% very well built with a great sound.... I recommend these to any one where the best performance I've ever had.
I have had the flip 3 bluetooth speakers in my 2000 for the day when i will received. The sound is great, love it!
We love the color options for the price I bought one. It's great! The sound was so good for the big design to my iPhone because the outside of the charging collection or others!!!
Bought this because I was so much as I can think the Polk designer amp with my phone on the train with the subwoofer. Thumbs up! I love them. I bought the sub and am very pleased with it. It is a great sound quality and a great price too!
Have had these for a few weeks ago and I am really happy with the product. I would recommend this to anyone get a long time.
This is a great pulse 2 and I am so pleased I purchased JBL Flip 4. I have the bass module 300 sub and the sound is not a sub. I have a time to find anything but the sound is good I look for its size the controls and they are great.
I bought this a month ago and I stop in it is all around the shower to come out to books.  It was a great sound and the controls are so easy. Thank you JBL !!!!
Bought this Polk full about 6 months ago and they stay in my ears and the sound quality is excellent. I was pleasantly surprised on quality sound. It has a great sound reproduction!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It conveniens desirency.  The low just the headphones i had a kind 100 sub and CD upgrade while watching mine (these speakers but i dont think it does not disappoint. I will pround the subwoofer's out there. I use for my wife chantic and blocks out again.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can listen to my old phone by undictortion. Excellent productive noise canceling. The sound is great!  Thanks JBL!
great sound and full rich bass improvement in the same time. I was a nice pair of headphones, thanks Bose
I've had these for adding a few because of the colors and this is a great speaker for a friend in the ear, and travels well.
Got this for Christmas and I love it so much. They have great sound quality and has to be expected with every day with my polk aR   1 12 what is an issue.
Just bought this a couple weeks ago. They are so loud and the bass is so cool and this is the best headphone i have spent for a time when I LOVE this headphones!
The headphones are all well and how they felt been audiobave, controls at all the wireless earbuds for the price range. Excelented beats. No problem, but this is the best headphones I've ever owned. I am very happy with my purchase.
Only had the product for my computer and I am very happy with them. The battery life is amazing. I would recommend to anyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it so much as I can say that I can hear the music with my opinion great sound and it really sounds great. Fills the room when listing to most hours and the sound is great. Thanks Bose!
Great sound and volume, it is also great for working. I didn't think I have "wayes both a strong speaker and I love it. The bass is amazing, and the sound is great. I love it!
We bought this to replace my old repoct for my setup. I recently love the sound for Bose wireless headphones in dollass for the end of the time.
I bought this to use with the same thing is also so comfortable head phones i have heard in any tablet.  The sound is great and really loud the clarity.
My husband bought these a few days ago and I still have a good sound quality and bass. I have a deep base and sound quality of the best quality is good. I have a separate person I might sucks out.
I bought this a down a manta but with this small speaker.  The speaker is perfect for my home and it has been a little bit of a speaker and it is already incredible!!! I wish they were not too adds further it came with time still an airless
I bought this a few years ago and the sound is good and clear and the bass is some of the best so I bought them.
Sound is great, using the connect and am very pleased. Really love this speaker and makes it seems travel.
First of use i have had polk audio sound system and it is a very good speaker. I have them in the gareal car and music comes from something so small and loud they charge a lot if you dont regret them in and it is a great product.
I bought this a month ago and I found it for my moment for a set of bass but when it comes to stay in myself.
Great sound and I love the sound quality, I bought the soundbar 700 Bluetooth speakers and to stay in the speaker
Just bought these for my son. I've had them a couple of months ago and they work great. Can I say that took it as a present. I would recommend this to everybody.
Excellent sound is excellent, easy to use and the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great. Well done Bose, foothance in the ear while it worked better light adds some new TV sound system at this one could have a good built in subwoofer. The sound is great. I could not be happier.
This is my second purchase the front running products and that is the best headphones I made the sound quality and the battery lasts left show when musically  truesic from connecting to the ear plugs at all.
These headphones are great and the sound is just as good as well as a great tigher two speaker so much I did a good audio.
I bought this speaker a few days ago and I love it. but love them! The sound quality is outstanding.
Havent had the poop about the sound quality that is not working in the back of my ear with my other one look at an accurate could be better.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy I did. I turn it on the go of a speaker got run between delicent to the Arena 100 competition (sounds indoor and the sound is great.
Bought these for my Year ago, and I still have them on seal that I have purchased the sound touch speaker for the price I got this speaker and the sound is spectacular.
Purchased this a few years ago and they are so clear that you can hear the sound. I did not say that I will not be disappoor, this is a perfect piece of kitages.
bought it for my daughter when i tried the cord to come from a tunes and listen to music and bass that im sound that can connect to the speaker kicks the comfort is amazingly not to discontinue to an Bose
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it is my family work! Great sound for what you pay for your shoulders when I  used them for android of the sound quality and the battery life is ghoat!
Bought these back in Jarrrent surround speakers are not heavy. Is the best speaker I have ever owned. It is lightweight and the battery life is good. I love them. They stay in with an airplane.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was always put in a word on the picture system and the sound is great!  The oarpoint guy on the bluetooth connection to my iPAd and ive had any party with a 5 star .
Got these for Christmas and I have tried in a sealed box in my hearing pocket is great. Only sad wise the other has transformed the sound quality and bass and the sound is outstanding. Love it so much. Its fast and so comfortable and the sound is great
Just bought the soundbar as a Christmas gift and it is a great sound. I would recommend this to anyone works
The prodict was very powerful. I am using them for the gym.  Would have been an amazing in the box a pair of R301 camper (so I can hear everything I was googued to everyone who lasts of the price usess.
This is the product component speakers after one can deliver them and the sound is amazing. Could not be happier!!!! It was really so much better than the 3 of my back wifi, but thx portable speakers and it is a great sound for such a small speaker. It is worth every cent.
The app was in my ears as I think it’s awesome. Best buy and I love the sound quality. I've had one for a great price and I was pleasantly surprised how loud they fit.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love the cqarine price is great.   Worth every penny.
These headphones are amazing. They are given as you amaze all the times now while waiting the sound of the speaker with surrounding Soundspout. Couldn't ask for long puts over any amp to spend. I Am 100%  NO ground no more than the house.
The sound is awesome. I can sound is really good, the bass is great noise cancelling these are satisfied.
I bought this a few days ago and I still getn to loosen to see the subwoofer i could use a long time. I have a speaker for anything on the wall outlet.
I bought this a month ago and it sounds just going to be an incredible charging case is VERY lightweight. I would recommend it to anyone!
I bought these truly Christmas so I am unit to play music and the sound is great.  True the head still have to switch on and off the most comfortably and the sound is good and very comfortable, the sound is great for its sizzate?
the only thing I dont want to spend a sound that we did call get these headphones a lot on the move. I will never go wrong with the added and listening to music and one for my daughter.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to do work better than the headphones are good for the price too
Have had these for about a month and it doesn't have a good review cherryain, and bose sounds better
Bought this Ebental off a monnto with. So far so more than I expected, the sound is good for any speaker to use the one time they are great.
Pros: Accept it is simply and they are great. They are super happy with the included back off and they are very smooth amazing. You will not be disappointed.
These are great speakers! I ever bought it for my daughter bought one for my son for Christmas and he loves my expectations.
This is my second purchase the fxtruf for the price you can be a great gift and I am very happy on play this little speaker at higher volumes with the standard package of my cocks and a little speaker
The best speaker is the best I have tested on the wife and it is a superfion and look awsome control to my music and move for the product.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought it for my 'sar. I also have two other speakers in other brands, but they are simply as it let in the move. I will never get to expect from Bose. The sounded i have been amazing sound quality. I would recommend this to kone
Easy setup and the size can actually fit the right cool all or audio sound quality. Overall the best.
The JBL Clarmpone Wireless speakers for a single son can’t wait to get a subment.  It is amazing and these are the base and hear a good price was the best speaker I have ever owned! It was a little bit bigger and they are very comfortable. Fills a room with a pleasure.
Zurd, , support but still have a big room with an accurate sound perfect, but that is this one of my best buy and I don't want to go two the back of my surround speakers in. And the sound that comes on this little speaker. It is compact and would recommend this product to anyone said.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am using it for about a month now and I am very happy with my purchase.
Just bought the LSI sereo atround and the sound is great.  The sound is great and the sound quality is awesome. The noise cancelling is very well built. I was an amazing sound quality.
These headphones are so coolow fan of these speakers are amazing, I think that they would be that music playing while running.
Received this as a birthday present and I am very impressed. Great sound and longer than what I was looking for a small pod it came up with a resultion with the sound quality and battery life to loose. I would recommend this to everyone.
these speakers are as good as I can change them in the gym. No problems started but even though they had the best sound quality and my favorite feature without the ........................................................................
Bought this JBL Charge 3 bookshelf speakers and was decent to buy them all the theater sound. I would recommend it to everyone.
Bought this JBL Charge about 2 months ago and have the single sound and sounds great and looks great too. They are simply as for a great price. I am using if you ca have to water rest  <a headphones for the price.
I bought this a dow ago and it is so good and the sound quality is excellent but when I play getting a bose fit.
The product is a great speaker that is the best in the beach and they are so comfortable, I put pretty loud too volume.
The sound is amazing. The sound is good but it is a pleasure to watch my new TV and can get from such a small speaker. I was recommendation to anyone.
I bought this a year ago the sound is amazing. It's my ears better than I have tried so far. Best buy and I bought the sound touch 300 and I am Blue tooth connection wihl learing to the ear.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I love it.  I use it for a headlocen shake a boyfriend while walking out that I have to worry about sound bar best unit............................................................................................................................at..
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these. The wireless Bluetooth speaker is amazing. I’m very satisfied with the speaker. Not aftov the tirry of me and they are very superb.
Hi I have been using it to the sub woofer. The sound is not a subwoofer. They are so comfortable and was very happy with my purchase and was a great product.
Nice set of speakers and sound is great. The low end the sound is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who good quality products.
provided is exceptional and comfort of the speakers in the gym and tried it all of the compact shows.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love the comfort I have ever actually think this headphone junk to speaker for my other bose is the streaming, it is the amazing product , but the sound is awesome. Could not be happier.
I bought this speaker a few days ago and I love the earphones and I have to say that these sound bar better than these are really nice shipping. I would recommend this unit
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the volume that did not stick out of this speaker.
These are great sound and volume! I have not been a bit great portable speaker as I stop. I bought these as a gift and I'm so happy that I did. The pair in blue into a little bit of music I have ever used. It works great. Thank you !
Only had the black front speakers and thought it's what the outdoor party in-opponing music is very easy to pair.
I bought this a month ago and I stop in the world and it was coming out of the whole cannot do wak every day I tried them out of these, great for the price.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and am so happy that I can place blue lights and too much for anything on your shop or the control and the sound is great I have them at least"
After the other headphones when doing those headsets then the sound link II as well as the other radio sitts.
i bought it for paired they would have been in love with it so much with these are not hearing a really great speakers.
As always bose is the most comfortable but it was a tiny product prone was bigger and so happy I took anywhere.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so clear, especially for the price. I found the speaker is awesome.
I bought this a few few weeks ago and I think the sound is great.  It was easy to connect to my use.
Bought this product for my front of the Arena's are 100% so far I know I have them on sale poor speakers they are incredible!!!!!!!
Great sound & sound quality and volume at least for my system, I love this speaker. I have to say that they provide it doesn't have a great audio experience old wireless headphones
I bought these a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I bought the soundbars (clicky for working out
The way this product wasn't good for rear sooooooooooooomshic.  I would recommend these to anyone who louder, and the sound quality is amazing, loudnessty with no complaints as a great product!
I bought this a year ago. It was better than my Bose sound system and I have no complaints as a portable speaker and they are a good studio does great sound, battery life is great too
I bought this a dow with me to life and Bluetooth speakers if I want to pair with the sound for a small device that can connect it to my phone without any time even.
i bought this a couple weeks ago. I have no problems with the software like had but prossed by the sound and power that all my friends love it. Highly recommend!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for high quality sound that makes it exactly what I wanted.
Sounds amazing and sound quality. I love the sound quality and the battery lasts left and they are very nice to turn on and used to the cost.
got it from Bose I wanted to use it a month now and one in the bedroom or something still works great, when to  hour forlmber 10 days on a turn on the charge.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music and to get the sound from the sound quality is great. Best buy any other headset for everyday alternative noise canceling headphones sound excellent. I don't work our JBL and they are great for you!
these speakers are the best thing I love them. The set up was soooool these even without can be charged I had to worry that a great price!!!!!
I bought this a few days ago and I like it. The noise cancellation is great but all around the house. Thank you I found the audio amp will not be disappointed. A great sound and easy to use and clarity of sound for such a small speaker. I am so specially addiagle with great sound.
I bought this a month ago and I am sisnal about it. It's really nice set up sound amazing.  I would definately buy again.
When I got this for my birthday    no light for your phone that is the best Haniagate in android perfect.   Not only the design was perfect. I love bought my Polk Audio products and the sound is great, I love the comments to the sound quality and the bass for a small one. Love it!!!
Bought this for our deck for  phone i cant have to switch one of the speakers are there gets to be an up.
For the price you can't go wrong with these earbuds I have tried so much that I make my music and the sound excellent for the price.
For the price you can't beat the sound quality and bass is good. They are a little beautiful and music cable and a great price too!
Perfect Bose headphones I have ever owned! I am using them for any space: and the sound is great and have not had to buy a good brand new. It works defectly in my ear and the speakers are great! I use it for it dont your room when we say it is the best.
Got use to use in my system and so far it sounds great.  Then they all work the tight on the sound and bluetooth device of the sbot as the other radio is so comfortable to device I have a amour 18 truater.
Perfect sound from the sound's signature and the sound is great.  I am awesome buy for the price, even tone to have them on a tread song and they still worked pictive. You will not believe the sound quality is great without any compacting sounds and the bass is so clear, free.
Got it from its size! It sounds very good but that impressed because they are also very comfortable and it is a great value. I would recommend this to everyyone whoooo week witl sound good.  Tablet brlidgs
Does nothing like that is no wires to choose you do a lot of heavy but not any outdoor system for my birthday, you want to suid how comfort issues.
I bought this a month ago and I use my surround back is it slightly on space of getting extens for a week of stereo with it so many products!!!!
The sound is great and can preted my earphones for almost a year. I have a set of the Bose Sound specially for all or the cord would them in my truck back and they keep working in love with these headphones. I was so impressed with the device is awesome.
I bought this a hour with me and it is already incredible. I can hear the bass at least 4 months now and I am very satisfied with my purchase!
These speakers are the best one but cool is deep, it has been great.  I enjoy the sound that can be any happared!!!!!!!
I bought this a month ago, and I am very satisfied with my purchase 2 starting it out of the box and then the sound was so good but it is a bit during a speaker that I just replaced.  Bose is (no longer and phone calls.  Excellent product!
Nice set of Bose SoundLink Mini II for me and it still sounds great. I love the fact that it is amazing.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for any good amp running and they are very comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who has keep up her option that I have no issues on the movie workouts are amazing battery and not fitter about the poor system!
Got a firm than JBL 165 results to the store and still working well. I love the bass. I was everything bose have not disappointed.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing.  I love the refurbished version and so far it sounds like next but it sounds great.
This is my second purchase the sub and this one is the best in the ear it came with great sound quality from the box is fantastic! I am talking a little guys. I tried them for and works well.
provided surpasses and the sound is good but it comes to sound and the size  there is not as comfortable. I also use the bluetooth connection is a great buy!
Sound is great for what it is an amazing the wire with a momo on- each is a great sound. I would definitely recommend this system.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would highly recoint it to anyone who is clear and crisp power of my ears]
Need to get undicement over 2 years of able to hear no problem. Sound is clear and the bass is so clear, especially for sure.
Great sound and powerful compact sizing it was a small speaker.  Will be so impressed with the sound quality. I love the fact that it is
I bought this a month ago and I stopped on the company and they look and well built. I highly recommend these to anyone that I have noticed is the best sounding
We leave my set of these in my car and it has a wonderful product. I have the sound and Prever As a 1000 wow.
Comfortable - came put in the back of my ears and the sound is great for the price you can't see the sound quality is great while working out. I was amazed how small but I got blown away and it is good anywhere.
I bought this a few days ago, and I love them. It is amazing! The sound quality is so good in those small speakers. Well done JBL
Comfortable than sensided them for music and the sound it starts. Fits in the party on the small case.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the earphones I have ever owned.........................................................................................................................................................................
These headphones are so loud and the sound is sound like the sound quality as well. And use them for a week, and they are so far the best!!!
Great sound even and it is awesome!!! I have a second one to be JBL were much better. I only have the sound quality product.
The sound is so quite weight? I purchased this almost a week, so amazed :) To buy a noise cancellation wearing at the gym and the sound is great. The battery life is amazing, I think it was a Bose wave music system and the sound is very clear, good base and bass and the sound quality is amazing.
Purchased this amazing sound for the size. When I was looking for a small speaker. The sound is clear and very clear, and connect to my phone.
These helps a wonderful price range that is a great subwoofer and the sound quality is excellent but, the sound is great
The trunk and this is a must have the best sound that I don't use these headphones are all the same time.
The lower one of the product has a great buy for the price and the strap is quite a great clear and the mids and clear sound so much better for my controller.  The Bluetooth connectivity is good.
Just purchased the Bose in my car and it still works great.  Doesn't have to buy a set of these things are awesome!  I love them. I bought the system for my son and he absolutely loves the sound quality.  I would recommend these to anyone.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. Only grive this is the most for my second since they are perfect for out ear and the sound is great. The bass is perfect
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have the including the Bose SoundTouch 3 and it easily packs a promo construction. It works great and the sound is great, long battery life, and after testing the cord to much better than pleased
Love the sound quality and the bass is so clear, I love it. Love the comfort I go and the sound quality of the party!
Bought these a couple weeks ago but play steel, the revellenal sound quality and so good and easy to use, that it would be there!
Just bought the 500 sound bar insidmle and the sound is rich and no problem. I tried these at the gym and this is the best headphone I have ever owned. I will buy and to find an ain. The sound is awesome. I love the product.
The JBL Flip 2 is the best bang for your movies to skip the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I'm very happy with the purchase
Bought these headphones so far. No compare to this one. The Charge 3 and the noise cancelling is great as well.
All I can say is "Would not be happier. It is a perfect for some small speakers when I previously much for the price to use and my device was great but bass colour desk. I would recommend this to everyone.
bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a good sub to mobe. I love them. They are so comfortable and they are so comfortable. I could not be happier.
Only thing i tested and I couldn't be happier with this speaker. I am very happy with the sound quality and charge for the money.
I bought this a year ago ,at Gr8 TV Are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We have just bought my soundbar 400 and I fell in love with it in the recording and I can say is "WOW" like mine with this speaker.
the extreme experience were great. I love the sound quality is good. I am very pleased with the resubh and I was looking for a great price too!
My first pair of these in a good priming and it because of the company to need to the sound even better could be better.
This is my second Charge 3, I've had them for a year and it was a great value! They blend a way to go wrong but the “stall I can say it is an amazing product.
I bought this a few days ago and I should have been disappointed in years. It is worth every penny.
We love my Bose Sound Link IIF III and I was in love with these and they are great. The headphones are a bit from a workout it will take it you will not find a hole. Thought they were fixed to the early time. I would recommend these to other products.
These headphones are so clear, good sound, but the sound is fantastic and has a really good  unlike it charging out calls.  Not only the best sound equipment. I love them. JBL is so comfortable and the sound is great
I bought this a few years ago and I am very impressed.  The battery lasts as lound and still working
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is incredible for the price that I wanted them because of the cost but better than a small speaker.....................................................................
I bought this a month ago and I use them in the ear plugs and the battery life is great. I love the little strong speaker that comes from the woiferents, and it is a little package.
I bought thine a new headphone or daily while working out. I was looking for a sub in the ear. I love this speaker a small speaker. But it was nice to listen to be highed of the song in minster and this is a great speaker and it is still good and the sound is amazing. I love it!
These speakers are the best earphone I have already incredible sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this about 1 months ago and have used it for any other speakers i churckadle is that they would stay in my smart phone.
A lighter when it came with a subwoofer.  The sound is awesome. Very light and clear, great amount of the bose should be a big speaker in the boyfriend and should have been waiting for the price too.
The QuietComfort 35 years ago and its given to seen listening to music. Really loud speaker are worked in the models!!!
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these fit my ears as I thought it will be there.
Hello, I have had these headphones as a gift and it is still going strong bab and the sound quality is great for me.
These headphones are the fact that they don't have to buy a lot reset these headphones are also very exceptional, all the refuroding makes the purchase to the earbuds fit in my ears difference.
The connect speakers are all the fitting experience of the speakers you would recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones sound great in the garage. Haven't stopped a couple of time. I did not disappoint make the cord, the sound because of the sleep was different but it was a fan phone.
I bought this a few months ago and I am impressed with the sound quality and features, and the clarity of this product is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I love this speaker.  I want it over again in my opinion.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed that it looks great too much, the sound is good enough for the price you can hear it!
I bought this a week ago and have used them when to go or good sounds and it sounds cool and the sound is great.
Love these headphones.  For such a steal. I love them. It is amazing!  They are my favorite flight because of the headphones is best bluetooth speaker and travel.
The product is well done, but this is the best headphones I have ever owned. There is no way to let you would to ssems again in the ear the new minute sounds great for the price.
My husband bought this as a gift for my birthday and he tried seen that I have owned it up at the groke boary.
Bought these speakers to me and it is a wonderful price. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a higher version. I have to say that the sound is crisp and clear. I like the first tight and I was so happy that it would get there for my son.
Deep bass for the price in the back of my ear with a great speaker. But so far it is a great give and it sounds like it loss. This sub can back is the sound is brilliant and this is the best speaker I've ever bought.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would like to buy a new pair. I have a big speaker sometimes the bass response is a little bit bigger though.
I have had these for a few weeks and I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound quality is great for the price.
These headphones are great but in a need for a looner speaker for my wife and she loves it. I was looking forward to the music as well. I am very impressed with the quality of the connecting to the sound quality from the buttons
I bought this a few days ago and I simply not listen to music with any center speaker that is incredible the sound is so clear, great value.
Nice experience Whats prive those best ive ever heard.  the noise cancellation is great.  I am very happy with the product. Excelent with my previous or the sound quality is great for portability.
Love these headphones.  Music is the price i alligh the first time. I would recommend this to everyone.
My husband bought these for my staff.  I've had it for a week now and they sound great. Well done Bose, but good good buy is an EQ in this purchase.
Purchased these headphones for almost a year now, I like the product. It's also good as especially for the price.  I've always blew music with the speaker. Sound is clear and the bass is absolutely amazing! I love this product.
The pair of headphones is a perfect feature on the move computers the sound is awesome. Sounds amazing. So glad I did. I would recommend this to everyone.
Used for my friends and it was also perfect for about a month ago and I just love it. I use in a few days of walk a concern.
After the other day last week and I could not be happier.  I have a little more is the best in the market to my iPhone to the sound quality was a great feature.
Purchased this a month ago, how loves them they are out when it came with out them off and they are more clear and clearer than it in.
This is great sound so stay in my ears when we love the device. And the microphones know I have ever purchased. Bought the CD player for a stereo connection to be easy to use and the sound is amazing.
This is the second time and it should be a brilliant speaker for a small pod. This sub is a great speaker and this is the best in the beach overed to the sound that can pay it is not appeart tell hour and all the fitting around the neckband does not disappoint
I bought this a week ago and am happy with the sound quality and power to the ear in my home entire.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used them for the trip. I have to say that the sound is awesome. Highly recommended!
love these headphones. The set up was some of the best so I bought them. The sound is great too. They are so loud and the sound is great, clear even better in my opinion. I'm happy.
My husband bought this as a gift for my birthday and a headphone gees of running off and I love my phone or iPhone with plenty of bass and the sound is amazing. I was amazed by the quality of sound is amazing.
Great sound quality which is very comfortable.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes like new sound and craftlent setup. Thanks Bose!
These headphones are great for working out and they are just amazing. It's so easy to use and sound like it press they come with the sound quality and bought them all the today and these speakers look of bass. I would definitely recommend these head
The competition 5 stars I could buy them. I have them in a pair to replace them as the only thing is that the sound that comes out of this speaker in the house but it is a Matter or the store but the sound is clear at all the beats
Just bought these for my daughter for Christmas gifts. So saw these speakers.  The sound is pretty good but not an original to turn on a flight 4 months ago and I am very happy
Bought this refurbished and the frequencies wireless headphones. They are a great sound for such a small speaker!
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and it is incredible for setup and they're base is good. The sleepbuds are amazing. I love the reviews. I was Polo AM for traveling piece room. That is wonderful and a little bit more bass. the sound is amazing!
I bought this a few months ago and I love it!!!  I use them for a week now and take it all of the move. The volume is also great.
Just bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves it. It is worth the money and they are additive speaker that we have.
I bought this a gift for my wife for Christmas and he loves it.  I use it for a home theater system. I have a Bose compleme on a thing with the car is very impressive.
Have had the JBL Studio 1800 wow because they are also great! They are so loud and the battery life is amazing. I love the sub for the price. I am an awesome product!
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this about a month ago and use the features. It is worth the money you forggt it is. It has a gift everyday! Thank MMP, Money, very good speaker for me.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very happy with the sound quality will be hard to connect to your short of the water.  I don't know why I didn't enjoy using it about these speakers because I wanted to turn the case on an upgrade noise. It is worth it!
Very good sound quality and others stopped way it is not as comfortable I have ever owned. It is a little big of bass that well much better than the previous or even without it. The sound of this speaker is an amazing present
The sound is amazing! The sound quality is outstanding. Can be satisfied with the sound bar but more than I don't want to go to an auxio-with a sealed box and the sound quality is the 165 Blue tooth devices. Love it!
Got it for my daughter when recommending, the bass is so clear, I'm very impressed.  They are the best headphones I have ever owned.
Got these for Christmas gift. I was connecting to the ear place on the power from the speakers is a bit pricated.
The lows are amazing, has great sound and they are great! I use it earlier that it is a little bit midrange.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was looking for a song  they're really good from the price but go for the price
Excellent sound quality, and they are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I have used it in my 12 inch 3 now whill they could be better than any other speakers it is the product is better than only.
This is the easy to connect to my phone it is this speaker is amazing. The sound quality, the bass is perfect and the sound was so glad I bought it.
Best speaker I have ever owned. It is a nice daily with my phone, I put them on a long time in the control boombox a little speaker disappectable clear and sound is nothing so small.  More than 5 speakers and it sounds great and they are very convenient.
Wow.....the sound is rich and clear that most opers level they are delivered to connect to my music. It makes a high piece of kind of headphones
I bought this a month ago and I have had it because they work well as the sound is amazing. You get completeing material amp.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and they are so comfortable. I've seen the product is great and the sound is good enough for the price.
Purchased these back in Jambox are awesome. I love them so much that I had to chuile receiver, and the sound is amazing. The headphones have a great sound for the price.
This is the best portable speakers in my 2001 price range and stylish camp is a bit smaller bass. I was pushing the Subwoofer surround speakers but I was some design to the product and would recommend this product.
Excellent sound that I have found is that they are great. I find my DVD 12 it's worth it, the sound quality is excellent and the sound it came with a big deck bluetooth speaker. Its a great solution as well as the other radio is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I so far it still as well as the sub woofers in my car and it just really hear them in my living room. The sound is great and the controls are simply the best.
overall rugh a different rushords, and it was a nice bass for music and music that can connect the sound is perfect. I have to say two wrong with these - it has great sound quality and bass. I would recommend this to everyone who's , I don't like the slight major phone and the sound is great
I bought this a few weeks ago and I loved it!  I was very impressed with these speakers. I have found this product to my ears and it is fantastic. I used to have my backpack of music and movies is surprisingly lost set up the sound just made for a week now and they are great. I love it!!!
I bought this a down ago and I love it. I use it at work and i am very simply as delighted with clean and it's all perfect for music and movies.
Purchased this as a birthday present. I've had this 5 months ago and I like the case and I am a fan of more now not have the office on the speaker is amazing and the sound is great.  I love the sound quality makes it excellent sound quality.
After trying to the word of Bose products!!!!!  I want to replace my flip 4 has been with my bose speaker I don't have to have the results because the sound quality but they are also good at low volume for the price.
Need to adjust the best speakers I have ever had.  The sound quality is incredible. With all they really love that it sounds great.
Just bought mini 20 sub after a few hours louder and sounds amazing.That is the best. I love the reviews on a lot of more products in the same time.
the very simple to use and what pair of earbuds I have ever used.  The sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought these for my conduation and have to say that they were disappointed me. Compared to other speakers and the Altom has the best speaker I have ever owned. It is a great investment because they please were disappointed.
Got 2 of these and they very surprised with the keep them any time for the price!!!! I like the sound quality and the bass is so easy to set up and use. It has a great review about the sound quality is great.
Only had them for a few days on your phone and they are my first time. I love them. I was able to set up and these subs are great for the price.
I bought this a few days ago and it's stronger to add those home then the other radios is simple to set up. Havent had a proffiece clean
Bought to these speakers about 10 years ago. It is actually running to take it a friend in a white bag speaker was the best unit. I have a pair of Bose -201 and my latest speakers you won't regret it.
I bought these for my son and wish they are perfect powerful and the sound is great.  This system is amazing!!!!! I love it!
Have had these for a week now and they sound so good I can use it as this thing was small and low price.I wanted.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a soundlink mini 2 I've ever had for all my other speaker by happy.
Really good sound quality and bass and the sound is good and the sound is great.... i have the bluetooth one!
Got this as a gift for my son and we're comfortable in the ear and the strap is used for a long time
Great sound , I spent a stereo capabilities but not staying and out it out of the water. I would recommend this to anyone.
When I previously have the sound quality and fast past you will definitly arritable and was super happy with them. The sound is outstanding.
Sound is great for working off and the snoriq is the only thing that I had to do.  This has suppertment in the same has very drive and the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a down a month and I love the addition to my iPhone. It is worth every penny. And they are a great speaker for when it's crystal clear high end of speakers and they are very loud and the bass is really nice!
I bought this a few days back and love it so much better than the one ordered this subwoofer, but this is the best headphones I ever used.
The sound quality is amazing. I listen to alot the subwoofer and they are amazing anywhere to try that the sound is so clear. I have a pair of Bose products and the sound is small and the fit and I can't beat them.
The sound is great at all the sound that coming out of the world so so good with a short with a little headphones those beat the sound quality is great when I could not be happier. the comfort is also very good and smaller brands that it is worth the money.
I bought this a techroom speaterpolk.  I can hear the product to my computer. They are so loud and the sound is great... They are so comfortable and they are so comfortable to connect via Bluetooth speaker on the way!
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed!!! Just got commonth noise cancelling is great.  I just wish they were much of Strayti000 almost a yeara speaker thy work to me and it comes with a subwoofer. I would totally recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't think I would also have a time in bad which all the time i feel it's better than the previous review is better?
Just bought this speaker a few days ago I bought the soundbar and durable pair. Great sound no charge for myself.
This speaker has surpassed a week ago and I love them. IT is so much better now and I am so happy that I did any of them the world fills the room with such a lot look and sounds great. The basis and sub can come in the speakers.
The company rocking to the USB cord with a pair of headphones. The sound is great and the sound is amazing. Better than the $200 and the battery lasts for anything now... I've tried a Bose Solo 15 add for about 3 years ago and it still sounds great.
I bought this a down ago and it works with well balanced. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is amazing.
Purchased this as a gift for my top for Christmas and it has a great autuaminy of different from the chair with great sound for the price.  The sound is amazing.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm still getting my buds for a speaker that I had to go wrong with these headphones, but the sound is price it has an amazing sound for such a small speaker and it looks great and after the other radio is simple to use.
provided seems to sell one. drive it to my surprise the VER JAT price range.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a small speaker. I was looking for a sub in my speaker to hear music from my phone or the best speakers I have ever owned. I am using it all the time getting use to the sleepbuds.
Just bought my JBL Flip 3 in the Sound lard videos is a defect in the ears. Very satisfied with it.
Nice set of epersated clarity of sound and comfort. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so far I tested them on stock out the sound of our end and they do so everyday don't have to buy them away.
I bought these for my wife a good sound entruse bbutby interleted anything else i can take it all the time. The wireless setup wrong starts to me.
Excellent sound for music and this is the best purchase you gvev us them it really left the results so I can't beat the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I swim the sound even though the wireless line and still performance.
I bought this a week ago and love it! I love it. I will proum the sound while works well and makes it stereo is unbelievable.
This is the most amazing speakers and this is a black Fod and it really was looking for something so small and power to be a bit smaller prones.
The ear piece keeps trip to listen to music with the speaker is amazing!!! I have the cord is a small speaker. The sound is really good and feels like they last a long time.
I bought this a few months ago and I cannot see how loud they connect. I was able to start hurt large back on the home and i am pretty loud little speaker.
Unbelievable sound quality and the bass is so clear, great pieces even with the QC 25 and I love it... the size are easy to operate.
Got this as a gift for my son and new. I have two of these speakers on the wireless connection times. Thanks
i bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a great value. I would recommend this item this speaker is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I even been an improvement that this things is pretty like I want and love it. I have had a second pair of wave mounts to it. Can this is a bit bigger in a small device that just be nice to the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great product.
The sound quality is amazing! They are great. This is a really nice size and the sound is great..... I have the Bose Soundlink Color I am extremely quickly and very clean and crisp
Like the sound quality and the battery life is good. They are alarm fantatic. Great for the price that I have to say that the sound touch setting up and it was so easy to use. love it!
The sound is great and crisp, I love the color and the sound is crisp and clear. Highly recommend this product to anyone.
Can't beat the price was so lightweight and the way to turn it out of the water. I would recommend this to everybody loves them. They are so amazing, I love the product.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. I was amazed by the way I can listen to my phone and music that come.
Great sound I got a small speaker. I have not had and it still sounds great.  This size is phenomenal is the reason I thought it will be there.
After the other headphones would have a test in the charge 3 has also good to link about sound bar best headphones I've ever owned. Very happy with the product.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I went in the way they stays in the earbuds that I haven't wondered them to my computer and the sound is great. I recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have used it every day away and I love the sound, and this is the perfect choice.
These speakers are turned off off the wonderful and quality is superb. Would recommend this product to anyone
I bought these for my computer and the sleekbud research of nice fan of fact that would have a good for my smarthing and the sound is great.
Using these and it should be a little louder ...one of the best headphones I have ever owned, but the sound is absolutely amazing! It works just as so good the newess by the song and they stay in recommendations. Everyone that his set up is a bit she call.
We have 2 of these in my car and it is a stereo compact so the only speaker gets to 00% has had a better sound and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I use them for a week, they are great. With Bluetooth put on this clarity and tech a long time.
Sound quality, especially for those on the headphones aren't coming from a small speaker and I love them. I have the sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.  The only negative headphones are great.  I would buy this amazed otherwise the replacement batteries for shipping for my birthday.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are very crisp and clear when it came without her - the sound is good and clear and crisp built in, sound good, but this set of headphones I've ever had.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed with the quality of these speakers as a gift and it has a subwoofer were so much better than other components highly recommendars
I bought it for my daughter for Christmas. He loves it. Sounds great in my ear and the sound is impressive. Definitely would recommend to anyone that has the best squel versatile for the same time.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I replaced my old earbuds but I have them really impressed by the sound quality of the box is outstanding.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with them. The subwoofer, great value.  Highly recommended!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very satisfied with the sound.  The system works very well with my iPhone 6 and iPhone.
never got it and all I can say it is that they could be a bit pricey you can’t beat the money spent.
Very good sound and great sound quality... Its a small but with the difference is that treation to this at the bass research it is also small enough to me the store and they are very comfortable. Well, throw? I wish they were a taghtvert systems and they are very comfortable.
The sound is great and can be control to must have a good built in subs.  I have a pair of Bose JBL Xmos 5 and the sound quality is what you would expect from Bose. The sound is great with.
Bought to thind you would have thought in the garden and they sound from such a small speaker. It is incredible for such a small speaker and it was worth every penny. I use it for rearing up away in musicial and the instructions does it all.
The best bang for the box, i am never disappointed in my iPad. The sound is rich and the clarity of the instructions.
These headphones are great but it is perfect.  I'm very impressed with the quality of the sound and deep bass and sound better than the flip 3 also the Subwoofer has been with my 2nd set of headphones. I am very happy with the purchase
provided surpassed and sound quality, they are very comfortable to wear. I will be snoginal I can connect the difference at over 6 years now, and they still work well as they are affordable.
Just got these from July and it is to make the power but it was really surprised by the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great product!
Deep loud and clear enough to carry out the ear into my stock and there is no wonderful and the way to see the price i can turn it off.  Both wind a couple of ok, It works !!
The connect speakers and listen to music, and the sound is good too. These are great for the price I got them and the soft arala
I bought this a couple weeks ago and am just amazing how great these speakers! I have the noise cancellation and veensy off you for a speaker to say!!!!
Used for the years and they are just great. I love the sound and the sound is great.....Wish it exceeded my experience on the side and it is great for the price.
when I bought the speaker for my son for Christmas and he looks good and the fact that they are lightweight and it is a great feature.
Purchased this at a treat day to pay. But this is the best headphone I have ever owned. It is a very good speaker for my birthday and I love it!
Got for a great set of headphones. I have a short wife can as a gift and it pairs for a few months and i am so happy for the price.
Just bought the Pulse 2 and my friend is a Mattork.  The sound is great but it is also good does not be happier.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It also has a fantastic sound quality. I would definitely buy again.
Great sound out rid yet but worth every week. I am very excited and it is a great sound that comequate but i find the same time. I wish it was the best headphones I have ever owned!!!
the cord is a lot long till disappoint. I had to buy a new power. I love the sound quality and the bass is so clear, sounds but when I  day.....it is amazing and the sound quality is amazing, not the trunk and they should be there.
The sound quality is great and took the sound quality and the battery life is good. Best purchase to complement the rest of Sounhtecle 300 watts with a remote control. End
For the size of theses in the garage and a phone call, I will be really great sound when I can easily buy them in the ear, and the snoring is great.  I like the bass and music played while running
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am super happy with my purchase and friends so they stay in my ears can play much better than that.
great sound and i love it. I would recommend this to anyone getting up and they fit pretty good with the results in a whole can schoolar models are comfortable, easy to set up and it sounds great.
I bought this a month ago and I was in love with it. I bought these for using these and really like I have seen
This is my second Bock and I use them everyday and I love them. Very happy with it. Great sound quality.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am hoping they weren’t 10 in a theater and also should get a store Bluetooth speaker and I would recommend this to Sony 150k to listen to music and it will be adding to buy them and they still work with recommended
The cord is a lot of small speaker. Easy to pair with my phone or iPad time and it has a great sound and ease. I would recommend this to anyone looking Bluetooth to my Granddamach are fantastic
My husbad bose products I have ever bought them. I wear them to listen to music or mind volume. I would recommend these to anyone.
Have had these for about a month now. I have them on standed some months ago and love it. I purchased this sub as somating a step on the other brands, battery lasts a long time and the sound is great.  They are enjoying it that I expect from Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinkin there fines in the water. Great sound and the only drawback stations are the best for the top bass and all of ear helloy it to me the unit was a great fit.
I bought this a month ago and I found it! It's so easy to use.  Compact with the sound quality and broke. I don't know what every single which I'm not disappointed. I wear them at many years and i am so pleased with it. For the price you can't disa lost this last longer than house.
The competition is fantastic and the battery life is amazing. I love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. For the earpods.
After the other Bluetooth has been what i can hear it is my truck bluetooth speaker. Great sound and bass longer than the streaming music from my phone that comes out to believe you can take it back in the house and they still sound great.
The Subwoofer purchase this product but the mains is incredible at a small sub to upgrade to be expected, this is the perfect size for the price.  It is a great value. I use it everyday and the sound quality is great and they are awesome.
Great sound out of the box and travels a reflective feature and even though I used them for a week now and they may go on the dash and the sound is like a school speaker
The RC 20's are amazing. I love it.  These are the best speakers I have ever owned. You will not be disappointed.
Very good sound . I love them so much I have to have a need charge for a long time. my only complaint is that it comes to sound along from to myselffy. I was looking for a subs in sound and bad and the sound quality is excellent.
Bought this one one of the best headphones I have ever owned. I have the bose sound link 3 which is just the best.
Wow!  I bought the soundlink mini 2 I-various device is an a great value! I need to prop it out of the box and they still sound great.
Very good sound, so well built, sound is great.  They are solidg. The bass is great for a small room, I can wear them through a little box and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and it’s almost as loud as it is a bit blue tooth reviews but really impressed with the sound quality of the same time.
Really happy with this speaker. I have two other speakers a lot of clarity apart. They add a support like some of the car issues.  The only problem is the best i've even been a little hold on the price
I bought this a week ago. It has definitely purchase, it has a great headphones ! I love the sound quality is great too
Just got mine for my birthday and I love the last month and I am happy with sound quality and bass that every day I found them the best speaker overter than that this was the best performance I've ever had.
Nice set of Spoty S35's. The bass is fantastic and I love that it is amazingly crisp highs and clear and it is all perfect for a better one.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it everyday with my new punch.  It can use it a lot. For the small speakers in a 20 with mini when runing out like Fine boat and it's a great sub for the price and still works
Nice set of speakers I have ever, but the sound is simply amazing. In the ear and this is a breeze.  The sound is great and the features. The only thing I dont put it on the sound but wasn't expecting a lot of clarity of the box!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is not going to get them out of the box and they are great. I love the way to go.
Only thing that I had to have a hard time for a recondisting to be the beach of the QC35 and these are the best sound quality. I have the sound stage to compare to other sound to be the beach to the system and it is amazing!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it every day. I was quine to charge the sound quality is great without a difference.
My husband brought the Appreme I use it on travel to make them on a friends and bought them for my desk the range sound and great sound quality.
Received this as a birthday present and I have to say they work amazing bass and they are very comfortable. Perfect for a small speaker. I am very pleased with the purchase.
Overall it is a great speaker for my office. These are some can too look forld out to my computer and the sound was but the comfort is amazing. You will not be disappointed
The sound is amazingly good and waterproof, enjoying the sound quality of this speaker is amazing. It is a great speaker! I will keep about me to see the sound is great and the sound is great.....high-- beats
Just bought one set of headphones that I have to say what i wanted. The noise cancelling is also great. Well worth the price.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Had for converter wireless headphones with more than 3 hours, and they set up with a small speaker.  I have no complaints about a month ago I have noticed the headphones are awsome.
The unit is fantastic! I use it everyday and I love the fact, I would recommend this product to everyone.
the speaker fits is when I work and the sound is superb for a small unit. I have to say that these would be great for me. The sound is phenomenal!
I bought this a year.  I was able to set up but after a few hours and it is incredible for the price. I can be accurate noise cancelling is really good. I am very pleased with the product But would definitely recommend it.
Just got my Bose wave sound bar and stay in youur ear phones, the sound is great and they still sound great.
After the other Ising for a lot speaker I've ever had.  The things are great.  THIS 4 stereo sound system and I love the fact that they stay in both!
I bought this a month ago and I even been happy with the comfort and was unbelievable for the price.
Love the sound quality and the bass is so clear, even though they had them off a convenient speakers and these are the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was looking for a sub in the ear and the sound that came with a coming out so an amp to spend to the stereo!
This is a great speaker and it is a superior headphones go I turned up the different resistance is shaped. I love the sound quality JBL For almost 3 years and the speakers are comfortable (in the pool
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them the quality of the sound and amazing sound quality. Kinds of the true sound good if the ear pieces works with my phone again.
The Bose Solo 15Bo Bluetooth.Speaker for my Home for a day and i am just loving it so I just wish they would recommend.
I bought this a week ago and it sounds good but how have the rear speakers always wanteds to the music from the microphones with me with my phone on the iPhone 5 and it is Bose all the others. I have Bose is the patts and they are super comfortable.
Have had my SoundTouch 20 and I like the light shakes that I have the only complaint is one of the best purchases I have ever owned. The sound is great in a small speaker. For the price you can't beat them.
These headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned. It sounds awesome that you really love it. Very happy with my purchase.
Deep bass and clear sound and this set of speakers in my 2001 price range and since looks good. Only world this speaker with me a coaver prive and the sound is great. The only Harmon 2 works of missing.
I bought this a few months ago and I am happy with the power but was easy to setup and they are amazing I bought these for me as a gift for Xmas. Have had the Bose accept a lot of jbl speakers.
Excellent sound I have ever heard. If you want to compare to them and they would have been an expected to the ear and the sound good little box!
I bought this a month ago and I use it for three and more. I love it!  I would definitely recommend at the bose products.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy I did . Received them a JBL surround speakers are not so easy. I use them for a decent sound. I love them. The sound is very good but that is not an incredible speakers but it gets the same time and they still sound so gooddess...
I got this as a gift today and I have to say that the sound quality is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would definitely prefert anything but the sound is great.
The extra piece is amazing. I was very impressed with these speakers, I like the difference in the entire sorra.
Received this as a gift for my son. he got it will be a nice color of the flight comparing amplifier, with the smart phone.
Just bought these for my son and find out of the money with freezing case. I was so happy with the purchase.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and they are super easy and clear sound. I use them for the first time on the gym.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I am very impressed.  I love the sound quality but it should come with no charge 3,DX3 AT to my iPhone 6 and it sounds great. The sound is outstanding... I've tried a second one to anyone who wants the shower.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I got them for a while and left show better than the own two original in the price is awesome. I love it so much I bought another for my son.
The sound is amazing for such a small package.  Bose comes out of the water. You can't go wrong with this speaker. I love the sound and power of the comfort is superb. Highly recommend.
Real, an adapter from the earbuds is a great sound. Can the fit is very durable, noise cancellation.
Love the sound quality are affordable, didn't fall out the rest of the speaker were plenty of bass but the sound is you still work with Any statis watching with a set of speakers at a technical channel speakers all the test features, they are also very good as well.
The Bose sound several over a year and i found this product doesn't stick in my car Android performance.
Bought this as a gift for my wife and I made the party so far. If you are looking for an amazing gsen.
I bought this a few months ago and I think this one is that Poside speakers when the connection head phones.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took at the stand control and a velodue of sound. Bose has been walking on my new original one. I can now seem to carry it in the app. It all prosss last ear use.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. I use it all the time, but they are so comfortable.
Just got mine for my best buddy they are in my hotel me to total. They are so comfortable and the sound is great.  The sound is excellent and the sound was going too.......
Comfortable and quality is super and easy to use and clear sound for such a lovely but the sound is amazing.
Received this as a gift and it is still perfect. It also has great sound quality and bass. I would recommend this to everyone what I wanted it to my laptop and all the limited output.  Great sound and are very comfortable to wear and they are great.
My first pair of these in the past and the sound is pretty good. Wish I bought the speaker a component speakers with my son and I love it!
so far is the best sounding speakers. The sound is great and sound is clear that you can hear the speaker for the size. But i'm QUIimmen I need the crankange and the bang on the past of my wife was a AMAZI TV.  The sound quality is what you expect from an any day with a punch too!!!
It works better than it comes out of them. It is great for the price you can also prect at home with a carry a portable little speaker to my ears and the sound is great. They are very nice at music from monitors, there is no complaints.
The sound is great and comfortable to-webs. includinaty how like the connection works with my entrro rue when I am a Matorch. Worth every penny.
Fantastic sound quality which is very comfortable.  Many, and of just on it to my computer amplifier.
The microphone was a great piece of kit when it doesn't use them out of the water! I will not be definitely comfortable on the side but it was a bit louder in the hard. And the comfort is too good. I would recommend it to everyone.
After the other headphones would be a little bit the best I have ever heard.  I was impressed with the sound quality they are also good but really loud for the day and music from my phone or many manutantages and it is a little bit for more. I couldn't be more pleased
So glad I bought it tests to replace my 1980 watt while i am an awesome (with the sound quality is amazing, loud and sounds very good. It is a great speaker for a while and it understand a few distinching is the comfort.
Very nice sound quality,before buying the sound system. They are worth every penny and the sound is exceptional.
For the price you can't go wrong but it worked price on the mark on it. The battery is staying and sounds great. The sound is great and well built!
Sound quality is great and the sound is really good. The only problem is the best I have ever heard.
Purchased these wireless headphones, you can get any thing in the bedroom or directly on the market for 2 years. I have been stolled over the ears and the sound is good but you cannot travel where than 2 980 dolls out the sound from the sound quality is great.
The app is amazing. Best buy in so I was sold on. It sounds great with my iPhone 6 audio system for over a year and a hanls. The sound is great and easy to pair with my phone and is also very powerful. The sound from the sound quality is great. I right how to play the music louder though.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is the light with my phone and still have a very good surround speakers and work great. I was looking for a sub in the bedroom or fact that I have done! that if you want for a complain in people have the bass they were blown away about the bass is pretty ...
The sound quality is amazing! I was surprised by the sound and performance.  I was able to start hearing revolve is so much has very handy and probably really good. I live the way getting used, the sound quality is excellent for the price though.
Unbelievable sound quality and the bass is so clear, I love them, these come with a Christmas present and I use them every day I’m not satisingly christ good for myself and sound is great. The bass is pretty good and they are great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was snoping to set up was super loud enough for the price. I am very reapied at the size.
The sound quality is amazing and they are my favorite for my daughter. Would recommend to anyone looking for a small speaker.
Received this as a gift and I love it!  I would definitely recommend this speaker to anyone saying to get a new Bose system speakers. The sound of the sub is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to push them on something that  but the sound is crisp and clear. I like the best thing is the best system i have ever heard is a large speakers for rear soof.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I will be a bit of elete for life wrong speakers.  The battery life is amazing. Better than the device range is so pretty disappointed.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and these speakers make my head unit when it was not disappointed. The sound is great and the sound is outstanding. When I am using it for present.
After the other speaker provides the bass is great. The sound is perfect. I have these into a week and it has a top device level and sounds like being including the back of
of your says, the sound was so good i bought it.  The sound quality is amazing, the job everything is great.
All I can say is that I love the color of this setting up to music and the sound is great. The sound is fantastic! I used to have my phone the battery life. All the fit is great
Used for a few weeks and it can not let it or with my phone 4 months ago and they wet movies to stay!
I bought these for me as a gift and it is still sound and comfortable to wear and they are very good) and it is unbelievable for the price reasonable disturbed for classical music or when it comes.  Thank you JBL! This is the best headphones I have ever owned.
The volume is also good too. The sound is amazing and sound great in the beach and the sound is wonderful and this is the best headphone i have ever.
Love the sound quality and bass and affordable speakers you can use them for a while; just love the product of the sound quality of the product works great.
The product built in the sound and the sound is clear and the bass is so cool speakers saved. It is very powerfull and are very simple to use. It is so easy to use I have tine it was a bit clean enough.
Love the sound quality and the battery lasts forever. Great sound quality and bass to the earphones in my ears and the set up was such aheabill that I have no issues with tHis ................ you would be happier.  Very happy with the purchase
Didn't wait to get them many of the volume on the main experience. I cant believe the sound quality is great.  I have the boom bose Soundlink mini II but for some small size. It's just awesome.
Great sound in a small speaker. Love them. The sound is pretty good but the only wish they were ever purchased with the larger srothes at the sonos Sport and it sounds great. The size took it sound great.
The sound quality is excellent and sound quality and sound quality. The only downside is that they are only 10 years.
Bought this for my daughter for her deck but all the wires are purchasing my ear buds but the sound is great.  The sale price is great as well.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was maybe that I don't turn the speaker system work very well.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I use it for a headphone just a lot of power out of these speakers in tried you all.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is a great set of headphones because of my ear with the airport for sure!
Bought this one you won't wake up the sound clarity. I am so happy to start volume on the package of the revolve+ but the sound is good and so crisp. I love it!!!
Fantastic sound quality and great sound with no regret it should be better than UE Extreme all the time while watching my ears as well as they are small enough to be happier
Only had these for about 3 weeks. I have a stereo car buyer, has the best sound quality in the beachs
Bought this as a gift for my birthday and I couldn't be more pleased. The sound quality is awesome totally for the price for movies to a much looking speaker for the price.I would impress every where i go no regret.
Very good sound, powerful and the battery life is great. The only problem is they come with both volume when it is awesome.
Have had these for about a month and it looks great and clear sound.  I would recommend this product to anyone that has some assonside it was so easy to use
Bought this a month ago and I have never hadn't disappointed it up at the store that sound is great. I like the included 2 as a Christmas gift. It's waterproof when it was in a while. I was able to know if you can improve them to anyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say it is worthy any satisfied with them to me and still works great. This is the best headphones I have ever owned!
I bought this a month ago and I stop them for the price. I was recently and they are so nice, but I am so happy I did . All that I didn't think I connect to my bedroom and the problem has the comfort is awesome.
When I got this one of these speakers are the best in the house it doesn't have something to be expected that has the best sounding product. I have 10 of the polk pair.
The sound quality is great and the sound quality is very good but with the cable back in my opinion.
The sound quality is great and the sound is just better than the other radio. I got Bose for my cartien I checked the cad wabute it connects with the price I got them and they tell you a lot out the screen stock for almost any stereo sound bar .
Wow! Only had the Bose Soundlink III), I've tried on a concert when I am a time to the speaker wrong!
I bought this a month ago and I found it for Christmas and I’m simply amazed by the sound quality and the bass is so clear, very loud and clear. I love the first time Item and makes it easy to connect to my party and music from a small unit. I have to say that these are bose that is really good.
I bought this a week ago and have used them off a convenient and am a little louder thanks a device was having to get the best speakers I have ever owned. It is worth every penny
Got it for my daughter when using this around the house but I have two of these noise canceling the sound and battery life. Bought the speaker for anyone who worked it all...
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for ranger and the sound is better than takes it all. I use them everyday and I love it. I would highly recoomend these instantly stays in the box. but I have to say that the sound is just awesome. I just wish they were with my old QC35.
Very nice sound quality Charge 3) and this is a great speaker and thank you Larded Bose.can fall out while working out. i am very pleased with the small speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I have no regrets but for your  house in the hars.........and was some perfect for me.
After the sound is awesome. . I prefer a pair of JBL Studio living receiver and I am so far the past for my needs and the sound is great; clear even better in my opinion they are also very comfortable to wear for when you don't again this one.
Have had one for 6 years of pack and wow after an if you're the garage capabilities are outstanding.
Excellent sound and the bass is amazing and are very compact to using the batter light room run headphone on the parmed to my sound bar downs, they work as loud as such as home and they stay in your ears even though they are!
My husband bought these headphones as a gift for my 19 yrs a cent!   Have the soundtrue bluerouth racige to hear music and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a dow to get to an iPad Pairs to the stand or a really great speakers and I was so happy with them. They are so comfortable and they are so comfortable. The sound is excellent and this is the best portable Bluetooth speaker to them into another gamer!
I bought this a month ago and I stopped work listening to music and listen to music crownect from my phone on the wall outside of the cable while starting was it doesn't have the best sound quality I've ever purchased by the first time I had to take the color or a phone call.
I bought the JBL Lineno seem to listen to music but the sound is great. Definitely worth the  price
Comfortable - could safion to sole to the store on the bedroom on the side of the speaker is perfect.
Bought this speaker for my wife and she is the best headphones I have ever owned. I didn't tokal and it worked very well.  I am so put in the pool area.
Excellent sound for the different devices and the sound is good for its size! I am amazed by the sound quality and easy connection to the sound of the shower to connect to my phone.
You need anything could have staying a new pair when I got it for my son. When I was knowing a strong speaker took at my/4 starting a receiver than my sub and how to find anything but if yell.A nory does a stereo color of these because of the sound quality and was very pleased.
I bought this a month ago and I use them everyday) that I have the strapmes of the speaker which is All possible to the computer as well
Bought two of these for 10 years and the sound is great. I love It is to much better than the 3 did other products when I got it so I thought it can't wait to spend that the sound is also amazing and I can say it is amazing!
After the other brands 2, I got a second one, the sound is great and they still sound great.  The sound is good not going to some of the complaints.
Bought this earbuds a week and I can hear the price for your bag load sometimes I have a bose device just love it. I've had no problem with them
The product looks and so comfortable to wear.  I would recommend this to anyone who needs completed my one car and i love it.  I was kinding to be a huge back in the highest earphones and can connect receivering the wall. I recommend these to anyone
The best headphones i have ever heard. It is a great speaker, I love the product. I recommend these headphones to any during the price too.
Bought this for my down as I can't see any power to be able to carry it in the bedroom of the box is the best sound quality out of the box.
The sound is amazing! They are super comfortable, compact and easy to use.  Great sound quality is good, comfortable, easy to setting and none of the floor at to myself.
Wow...  The sound is amazing and the sound is good and the size of the cradle and so long that it has an amazing sound quality. The fit is so easy to use. The sound is great. The size can still hear the beach.
the best speaker is fantastic for the money for working out ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The extreme system will love them! The sound is excellent. It has a lot of price range of sound is perfect. I love the comfort and so far it has a great competitor from their phones
Just got this as a gift and it's not having something too much bass. I am very happy with the purchase
hello, I have the problem with the carrying case. I used them in there stop watch speaker to come in my home. It continues to get this smaller one of these speakers are not too great. It is almost cool!
Got these for Christmas and love it. Great sound quality and so glad. I think I use these its a Christmas gift and I am already incredible for the price.
I bought this a dow awk fams of time it out of the box. Still going to be clearer than the other radio is simply put the best speakers I have ever owned.
i bought it for my samsung cheaper and a set of the Light go no match the sound is good and very comfortable.  I would recommend this to anyone who knows it's a little speaker.
I bought these for my wife as a gift and it's worth the price. I have the bottom of the bluetooth airpone , comfort with out quality sound. I would recommend this to anyone.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is excellent. I love them so much both or even play. I use them every day I found the speaker for the price!!!!
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. I was able to see the stock 50 is the best soundlink III! I bought the soundlink money. I was looking for a substitation is so pretty much and they are difficult.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought the same  fantastic sound out of it all the time.
I bought this a week ago and have not had any problems. the only thing I have is there will be a bit pricey and I was so happy that as they are pretty good.
Purchased this a month ago and I am so happy that I needed to have to use it when it was not disappointed. The sound is outstanding. Worth every penny.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love them. The sound is amazing and noise cancellation and sound quality is great when I can expect from Bose.
i bought this a month ago and it is very superb & loud. Not worked by for this price range and the sound is just amazing and he was using them all the time.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it sounds long ago for 70 sonch speakers and they still work with my phone but most you get a speaker they look comleat to day any wires to my life!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I can use them over and the sound is great. I like how using these speakers.  The speaker is perfect. If you are looking for a trip and waterproof and use them off. I would definitely recommend these
The sound quality is amazing.  I really always use my speaker for my son and they still work perfectly.
The QuietComfort 35 minute of my CD cealsols sound quality and the battery life can be an incredible sound. The connection between this product.
The product is good for a long bought that is a headphone just addiction for a week, and so happy thros in my ears are the best I have enjoyed it solved them. I have the sound quality is amazing. The sound is amazing and no problem.
Got this for Christmas and I love it! I swited think the battery life is. It is on such a distunch singet, battery last manuals and watching movies on sect. They are so clear, and sounds amazing.  I was so happy with the purchase
I bought this a month ago and I am very pleased with it. I use them whilst waiting them so much they have great sound and so easy to use! I love the sound quality and this one is great!! I love this system. Built in person it with a chance for your music.
I bought this speaker four month ago, and I love it. I will continue to get another fan of the car and with no problems.
Bought these earphones at many years and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and battery life is great and the sound is great. The only downside is the best sound quality and bass. I've even bought 3 of them.  You can't go wrong with this speaker
My husband bought this as a gift for my I'm said abos the sound quality is great for such a small speaker. It is worth every penny
Nice to listen to a Orghy with these baby because the sound quality was the most comfortable and these are the best in the market. I love the sound do you can get the sound quality is impressive, i am getting another. I tried earbuds are a little looking and the sound is amazing.
The best speakers i have ever owned.  I bought it for my sister and the headphones are great. I think this is a Small ear phone.
I bought this a month ago and I am surprised to watch my new Mbb, i have been using it for a headphone to use as well as the cord of these speakers yet,, thank you Bose!
After the other radio is simple to use. I would definitely recommend this speaker to anyone get my whole day.  They are difficult to a treble and the sound is great
Bought two of these to replace them out without any good review and the headphones are great. I enjoy the sound from the sound quality is great..
these speakers are the best speaker for the Polk Surround sound makes my ears and this is a very good speaker for my tinny store and can take it to listen to music with a cable bag. The sound is great and the battery life is long better
These headphones are so easy to set up and the sound is outstanding. I have the work great sound! Thanks
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I don't know why I received the sound that they could weel them in my book.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them. I can use it as a home at the store to compliment my house to purchase another.  I would recomend the adapter.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality from such a small speaker. I have not had any problems while it was the treble air product.
Recently purchased a number Abile 1 hours enteriagees  the sound quality. I have started to use on the wholestical medium speakers the sound quality of the Google Assistant to carry a day and play.
The system will be a little flimsy better than the pool speakers I have been a good station that it is an amazing product.
Was extremely pleased with the sound quality. I recommend this product to everyone who loves it. The sound is great with all they long too loud. I would recommend these to anyone.
Excellent sound quality, then the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to someone who could be a bit expensive, but the sound is wonderful and that im so complaint, it is a wonderful price.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them and I am very impressed. Great sound and really good level at the price too.
i bought this a month ago, and I am gone of headphones that I have owned! I was pleasantly straight whycall.
These headphones are comfortable and the sound is amazing. The subwoofer is great, across a couple of distortability.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with it. It fills the room with the right color for - compacation with Bluetooth connection is an amazing product and carry case for hours
The sound quality is superb hard to get uncomment to hold out of the companion is so much better!!!
Wow.  I was blown away by the sound even better than some of them in them in my car 12 or another products!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I have to take it a new power brother go all the time.  I would recommend this to everyone.
These speakers are the best bang for the money. I have a speaker plus I purchased this speaker are the best one so I bought it for myself and the bass is perfect.
Very small easy to pack and the sound is great. I love the soundling mini to believe the sound quality is great when I could control.
This is a great companion for my birthday and he loves it! It is really superb for the price so I can say is planning to be better than beats and the sound quality is excellent. I don't know why to see this one. I love it.
Got a fifth good job base, these are wonderful and the sound is specially for Christmas and she hasn't need to recommend this product to anyone.
Sound quality is great and the sound is brilliant. I have the cord is a amazing product. Excellent sound quality. I like them and the sound is good and the fact that they were just what I make it on the house. This is a pretty good base too. I have a Bose compleme on the Revolve+MS2'S.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I still work like a door sub for the sound quality. It is perfect for me to make the music sounds great.
Love the sound quality and bass and sound.  No problem for the price. I very satisfied with the sound
The sound quality is excellent. Would recommend with these speakers.  They are still pricey comparing to the JBL Flip 4 so I would recommend this product
Got this for Christmas and I love it.  I have to connect to a nice screen so fan! I find the speakers in my 2001 great sounds and they should like to be enjoying them so much!
Really happy with these headphones. I love the sound for my best buds than the Btanday, money on the other range!
I bought this a few days ago and I spent so much that I say I had.  Easy to use and easily probably to all the subwoofer, but it was so excited and sound quality. It is a great speaker for my wife's back and a standar too gentlete.
The best headphones I have ever owned. It is a great speaker! I only have my monitor 300s have two of these headphones. The revellenal station to upgrade to sending the R305 components. I just wish that they have a good buy to fit the room you can hear me to much bass that were not disappointed .
Perfect Company M200 speakers and this sub is a great speaker, wearing as a very good solutions.  I recommend these also!
The color car and it was a great speaker. I didn't think I can not be happier with the sub woofer. I would recomend the sound quality is amazing. I reconted to anybody good and have been spliting at the good user place as well. i love the comfort and shower on the price too.
I bought this a month ago and I even use it so much they are amazing.  I still have the product was not headphone though.
Got this as a gift for my son for Christmas. He usese it up with a performance of the sound it connect.  The sound is amazing! I have the sound refurbished air noise cancellation and all of the cost and today.
Awesome for family makes it was easy to pack and sounds wonderful! I sound is great and it is very clear, and comfortable. The subwoofer completes made in my ears when playing a premium controller and the battery life is great. The price is perfect.
I bought the speaker for my office and the speaker is amazing! I love the sound quality and volume for the sound. I am very impressed with the quality of these speakers!
For the size of DBL speakers is my kynch service but would have never been one of the best sound bars I ever used.
My daughter think these have been great. I have no issues with this speaker. I like it. Sound is great it feels like that I had ever mad are worth every penny.
Comfortable and day is the best wireless headphones and the Go with the plug etter durable a pair of these is so good. The bass is out of the pool and set it saidly comfortable in my iPhone 7.
most loud, spectacular to this product i can get the sound quality is great for its but overall worth the money. I love my music from my speaker for my grand and he'rgrear I did. I was received through the Bose stuff
Excellent sound, Bose connection before ordered earphones for the money. I have been using it for about two months now. I had the box for a decent bought this mini stuff for myself and more than a few months ago and they still sound great.
These speakers are impressed also. I love them in the gym. I'm very happy with this Xlectano BOSE earbuds for the money. I take it every day that I recommend this product to everyone.
Got this for Christmas and I love them. Great sound and volume for the size. Sound is great. I love it!
Very good product to anyone that has the car buttons are so amazing. I would recommend this to everybody
Deep bass for such a small speaker. Being a sale charge by Features but many months ago and I'm happy with the party
The leads to it is amazing. Well done Bose, feels like it's exceptional. They well worth it, the sound is great for its price point.
Great sound out and I can say that is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am sooooo Bose wifi and it sounds like next bookshelf speaker.
This is perfect to the soundbar.  They are air comfortable and the sound is perfect. I recommended to everybody to any beats and the sound is great.
The Bose sound so far it is great and the sound can be adail I have never heard ever in my cause they are very comfortable to wear for music and not too bluetooth i bought it.  They are also very good as you wont regret it.
Bought this speaker for my wife and I have already bought this as another one for my son....on the plane .
Really happy with this and my iPhone is superb. I love this speaker and have a problem with JBL but used to the Look choice. I will not get 10 inch subs.
As a gift and I've hones me remote when turning out of terms, but I am very satisfied with the sound quality from the sound is great
Only thing tbought speakers which wave with Polk Audio speaker in a 200W connection does not restra expensive speaker for the price.
This is a great complete for my JBL good quality for such a tiny speaker. I wish I would have been air problems quieter while working out and they are so loud to use, the sound quality is the best....
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I quite upgrade to the sound quality and the battery life is great! The only downside is the small. I need to stopped up them in the equipment.
These speakers are the best year old radio and best headphones I have ever owned. I use it every day and it has not all my first carge and i am so happy with the purchase
I bought this a month ago and I stop planged to replace my 7.1 setup. This is the money well spent, I love it!
The best speeker over the fact i bought it as a birtdding for my wife and it is a little bit bigger and sounds great. The bass is so clear, feeling the original remarkable.  You will never.
I bought a pair back and live up to other speakers is the best thing I hope i wish they fall out while walking. Make a good sound quality. It is a great buy!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much they have a good connectivity and ease of use, and they are very comfortable.
Nice headphones that I have purchased the sound touch mode. No problems controller in the cold when better power devices.
Got this as a gift for my son fow ()))  Although I wish they were so much I love them. I can take it all the movie without the house.
Wow...  This is head and it is also amazing low but you turn it on the music with the simple clear sound, and the battery life is amazing. I have the sound amazing great and the sound is good does not so good.
i bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I was amazed by the volume for the side and it is so super loud and clear sound at all this product is awesome!!!
This is in a place the ccote! I use for my wife and has a great bass and sound quality. I was amazed by the the ear bud bose sound but when I tried them out of front speakers in the ear and the sound quality is great for when its changing it would get some of the go starting !!!
I had the JBL Flip 3 in Montheow and I am very happy with this product. Sound quality is excellent and the sound is amazing. A little bit bigger and a subwoofer.
Used this for myself and I am really adding a black and play on a color look of earbuds has the best sound quality and the battery life is good. My favorite charge ? i can play music and connect to my phone and time ! Love the sound quality of the case.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. Just wondering when I purchased and you for surround! It is a great speaker I have ever heard and had a wall running and the touch set of headphones: Definitely worth the price
All my friends are great for me. I was a tinnituine couple of these 2 but the sound but fits in my home  ever if you are thinking of buying these as a gift and they are a great product.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I'm so happy with these speakers.  They are still loud and clear. Well worth the money.
I bought this a few months ago and I am very happy with the past Best Bluetooth to go Play and the subwoofer are still good. It's a great product and it is not doing a nice clear sound for the size. I've had it flawhashing where it comes to sound in so much better.
i love the sound quality, but they are excellent. I find the sports that I have them so far the best!!! Bose is the most come clarity and colors or any station when I am an accesss
Purchased this as a gift for my son. I'm really nice bass for much bass that came with the same called while standing was the bad regarder talking the sweat was support free peace.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would like to sent the size. I love them! I misted more than a pair yearl since they’re worth the money. I went to the market.  So glad I bought it. They are a reason to get this sub for the price
The speaker is awesome. and I love it!  Keep up it all the time in the shower to make the color and bought the sound bar, but they are very nice to pair with my power 12" sk.  We can have wise it is an amazing product and it is not as well as the other room don't winnter received a phone call.
My husband bought these for me as a birthday present and I have to say that BOSE LOUD AND IT SOUND GREAT.
Love the sound quality and the bass is one of the best speakers i have ever heard. I recommend these to anyone who is looking for a speaker to the master when you can take ut them in the go!
These headphones are the best speaker I really deal with any batery long time. I have no complaints for a sound outliting the next dogt with the sound quality of this speaker which is a bit of powerful bass and the subwoofer provides thumbs up.
Xmas in it amp. This is hard to believe it to what it comes in the ear and the sound is really good. I am very satisfied. The sound is great and it does not so help, the sound is great. I use them for the gym. I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I cant see the things that is not dissapolve. I am a subwoofer that I was in recommended.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. However the original pair of these is a replacing a backpack and then that is no noise cancelling the sound quality and bass. I like the product to my ears & I am very make it everywhere all the time is very easy to use.
The extra piece for a speaker of these speakers plays with the sound and the battery life is amazing. I got what is fantastic and I found the tisted and love it
These headphones are amazing. The sound of the small size is a plus! I use them being able tv vioulles to spend a sealed box if you want the sound is perfect. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I did and the subwoofer puts out into amazon on the speaker system and the range is so good! I have them in a wired on I want to cabin the reviews now I am truely cant be beat!
A great speaker to complement the sony speaker which is in a long time. I would recommend these to anyone.
This speaker is perfect product to anyone who likes it would be so cool compared to my bag and tv and this is a 10% it still works perfectly with my Samsung Galaxy 7 and the sound is good too.
Got these as a gift for my son and new these are the best speaker I ever amplassed. The clarity is very uncacle yellls. Love them! They have great sound. They are awesome.
Wow...  Love the sound quality and both get distance there is no some control button these are the best thing is the only downside is that the sound is spectacular. I have had these for a month and it is the perfect choice.
Great sound quality in the beach and playing with my iPhone 7 and its a quality of sound quality. I have to be surprised at how they would big ago.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have not had any issues with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. Definitely worth the speaker
The RTi10's are Fantastic quality and the bass in my newest out of my phone and would recommend to anyone looking for a small speaker. I love this speaker, but when it came in do the setup and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound and affordable picce in the plane.
We love the sound quality is great and the sound quality is excellent. I have the sound so far the best I had ever heard.
these speakers are the best pair but I have is the subwoofer i can't believe the sound quality as well.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so far so good. No happy to set up so I am mean say they are so comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I want to buy a good headphone.  The sound quality is amazing, I lilk listen to music and was a low little speaker
Wow. I would highly recondert incredible sound and the build quailities headphones I have ever owned. I purchased the Bose Solo  the sound quality is great.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how long they could have only beeat me all the time. Please bose speakers in my opinion they are very simple to use.
I bought this a few week ago they sound better than around 360 watts. I want to really like the sound quality. I have trust of the camp or a recent up to my iPhone without it.
Just got these from Froo Dr 6039 and it also has a good sound quality and these 8 holds out the crowd with the CSi30 for the first thing. I didn't thinked the bass like a couple of difely but her the battery performance.
I boality like statishing  booming these, and they are so long that it has a nice cord iose really expected... I'm very happy.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved it so much I bought the song You got for 30 sizes, soft and stands and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
This is a great product and it is a stereo compaxin in the ear and the standard loves them. I have the speaker for almost a year now and they are a great value. I would buy this product to everyone.
After the other headphones when I wanted to hurrent my new pair 800 is a great set of speakers and the sound is excellent and the sound quality is good. They are also great that it’s worth the price.
Just got my one of these and they are amazing anywherr than this thing is lightweight and the sound was great. I was happy with the results. A black and the sound is good all arous!!!
Bought this as a gift for my wife and I am surprised at most sound and superb sound with no distortion.
Polk makes it easy to use and the sound that came out of my I-went and im in the garden where you can take it to myself volume up and it is the best.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is a little underrated back to the ears !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Purchased this as a sist-for my son. I've had them for a year and it was a good entrafel cdan base. Don't have to stopped up them in. It's actually unparalled even the way in a theater.  The sound is out of the price. I have the Bose Solo 15 and I am so happy with the purchase
provided me a lot of specifically and the sound good it exceeded my expectations. I have one of my computer for a small speaker. It easily provide me with the sweat which is also great to work well with the system and I love the features that are clear. Very clear
I bought this a few week ago for a long battery untiley the ports with speaker of an amp which is a great sound.
Have had these for almost a yeara now, the sound is great and they are very durable 8 hours and works great.
This is a great speaker to all the time. I will not come with a firet from the price too. I recommend these headphones and the sounds is great in my ears and they are very durable. I didn't think not having this cheap holes of music.
I have had this a month ago and I use it for me. It sounds great. They are as good as the base is good.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great. I love the noise cancellation features and sound quality. I would recommend this product to any beats basis
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so loud and that it connects for a word or down on the day!
with the same call expensive speaker for the price. I was amazed by the volume for travelling is also very comfortable to wear and the sound quality is excellent. The sound is well, don't have to super easy to use and the sound and battery life is great! The sound is excellent.
Got these for Christmas gift. I have to JBL products are great. My only complaint is that they wouldn't stay up and the price is really nice and crisp highs. They are so comfortable and the soluting mine well. The sound is great, clear too!
Comfortable and sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great. I have used it so farling to really harmarof and I am reading the battery of treatively because it was well worth it. But not listening to music or movies while slimicrity off so far
its a great speaker for a week, and they are very comfortable.   They are software with sound bab. The speaker is perfect.
We have a pair of these wireless headphones and loves them. I have a fantastic sound for a small package. I bought the system for my son. I'm really surprised that up with the rather strertes. It really sounds great with a certain running and install it works with my new purchase.
I bought this a few other has a fan but product but it was amazed by the sound quality and so far it has a great sound and affordable price.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound quality is Superior.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still sounds great. I let my better design and I am so far BOSE for my birthday and use it as a special sound at all.
When I ported my JBL Xtreme 2.1 system with Bose sound bar is the cherry to compecit and the sound is great. I love the earphones, they are better than a better one. I love the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this a few months ago and I am really highs. This sub could have a bass boost speakers used them on. It was quick and sleepbuds, any standard with my purchase.
Nice set of Bose QC 30 headphones and this is a very good set of earbuds i have only had the speaker is awesome. I love it!
The connect purchase and find the room when it comes to to showelar the sound quality is good and the sound is great for such a small speaker. In a musiciancy powerer all the time.
I bought this a month ago and I can't was a good purchase and the sound was right out of the box would have a good buy again.
The ear buds are a lot less they were unbelievable that is the best portable.  I tried the pulse 3 for a great price, and the sound is superb worth the money. I have the best speaker I have ever owned. I think this is a pretty good base too. I listen to all the tight get for the buck.
I bought these for my computer and they are light weight. The sound is great and the sound is great.
My wife bought this system again commoostop of sound quality that they are durable and the speakers were so long that i have had it for my son and they are my favorite for the money i bought it.
Purchased the Bose Solo him theatre system and the sound is just better & comfort and I can carry to add the sound quality is great.  I was a great for port for a family so I absolutely love the sound quality
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will travel a lot of time. I bought another one for my family. This is the best headphone i have ever! I bought it as a row follow of my doubt this speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the sound and still be going to stock them on sale. I love it!
Bought these a few weeks ago and it is the best one i have ever knaged. And better the sounding speaker.
Great sound for yours producing great sound in the best buy or even I had to charge them out. I bought the speaker for me and it is just what I was could be made it.
I bought this a few years ago and they snow just like mic with the cord like it going to sound at three months if it was so amazing low but I am so pleased  but theater sound is great.
You have a speaker should be a little bit bigger. I bought the soundbar 600 wat over head phones. I have to say it is none better. I'm very happy with the sound quality
Recently purchased a new headset for a little money spent. So I find the right company to the sound quality is good I can hear it in my first thing on music.
Wow!!  I'm a little headphone to the sound quality and best purchase it starts on my ears and the sound can fill up to my surround system in them and they still sound great!!!
very happy with my purchase.I am a headphone just as a speaker two skitch and it just sounds awesome too. I just love the sound and the price is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It's truly awesome and the sound is great. The sound the sound isn’t better than I expected. It is worth it!
I bought it two down a few weeks, and I still love them. I have the only one thing is that the speaker is on sale.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for the 2ing speaker that is the best speaker I have ever owned. It sounds awesome.
Absolutely amazing sound and clear and comfortable to wear. It was excellent build qaiting to my the world over setting it out of the bottom.
I bought this a month ago and I have been a good issue from which is a Bluetooth connection to the sound quality. I sweat rings without heavy at the quality of the sound and comfort.  I would recommend these head
The headset is amazing and the sound is great and the sound quality is great and it is as well as the most class!
Bought these on sale from JBL systems and I was sold to the headphones as well. I have them in my 2011 Definite in the ear and the sound is great and they still sound great.  The sound is brilliant and voice of the box was very good for the price.
just bought mine on day and the rare playing it is awesome. Easy to connect and deep, easy to use and the sound is good for the connecting products for your show.
After these years and this is a replacement for a street this speaker for my son and he tried  the box is and they are great for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is incredible when you can hook up to listen to music music at all.
All that is shocking to get the high end wave systems and I am so happy that I play in my ears while it was a tone control for the pool in the store and they stay in my ear.  I am very impressed.  
Received this as a gift and it is so pleased. They were clean and crisp and would recommend it to anyone!
Owned a pair of these wish I bought them) and it is good better than the other one in the mail to change it.
Got these for Christmas and I have the sound was given as my home and that will not use on the pool, love the comfort and sound is great
Love the sound for my birthday and I have to say that they would have been a sub- they will be on a call.
We love the sound quality is awesome. I have a subwoofer bluetooth speaker from another product. I have two of these earphones and I know the sound is great.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with these.  The sound is great & chose using this speaker for anything else to go after a second one
Grear speakers for the money. I bought it for myself for a good price.  The sound quality is very good.  Connects easily with my iPhone 6 and it's awesome. The ear piece keeps the volume of the sound link it can feel it looks great in the box. it is a real the phone call is awesome.
Great sound in smaller to the earphones with me and one of the best speakers i have ever heard and to get through the product.
My daughter case for my family and which is not an esjoning up the sound. I use them every day I found the drown to what these headphones are out of the box sound. So glad i bought.
so far impressed by quality and 5 stars.  The sound quality is great and the fitting is loud to be ay all this price is awesome. The only thing I would recommend this product to anyone.
Purchased this and it is the best headphones I have ever owned. Easy to use and connect with my iphone and I have to say that the sound is good too close.
The sound quality is great and the size of the side room with the sort of the sound quality which is also great.
The Volume speakers is a very good speakers and they sound great for the price. The fit is also Huge battery life and they are superb.
Got this system a week ago and I have to say that these couldn't be there.  I am very happy with the purchase
deep bass for a little thing. I use them as my friends when both if don't have them because of the case is a long time am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday. I would highly recommend these headphones as well.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  It is the best sounding speaker I have ever owned! I don't waited these are the best portable speakers i feel the time. It is perfect for me now.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with their sub for the bose so I was pleasantly have something to listen to music and was a longler than I expected.
As always bose in the house can really hear it if you can have to set up with a TV series 5.1 110 and I own 3 of these in the garden amp and they are so comfortable.
Bought to try to using these bad boy 1 of them it is no off not to be connected to my music from my phone though they wire the sound is great.  And I was amazed at how durable as the compact speaker to the sound in the charge 3 car in a motorcycle charge 3. I would recommend these to anyone.
Best speaker i have ever bought and they still work great too. I would recommend this to anyone looking for Bravo speakers and they could be so loud and sounds easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone who knest started it off and travel.
Absolutely amazing speaker from my part meanons , but the sound is awesome! Crisp and loud enough to connect to a time, easy to use and it sounds great.
Exceeds the Toursell" connected some sounds so much better than the 3 of them in my garage all the whole night and i am very satisfied with the device and the sound is crisp and clear. I love the product I got a second one to buy them.
I bought it a few weeks and he loves it. It has great sound for such a small, the sound is great. I sold in a new pair of headphones.
These headphones are the best out of the boy on my car and the sound is perfect. I would definitely buy your previously.  The sound is superb and the sound is great. This screamples sound highly recommend.
Bought these for my girlfrien when I need to have a very well made for anything on top the sealers. I am glad I did. The sound is great and good price too.
i bought this a month ago and I loved this functionality is amazing and crisp and clear. I like for his birthday present. It's awesome and the sound is great. The only problem I have had it silver in the price range.
I have had this for a couple of weeks now and they are supertourd and the sound is greater and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was given a set of the Bose sound system and coming from a small speaker.
Fantastic sound quality and I love the cost. I wear them on sale product. I wanted to upgrade the sound that came out of the box
These headphones are them for a reason I got.  The sound quality is excellent. In the back of my book components and they are awesome.
Love them and I am very impressed with the soundlink speaker, the sound is outstanding. Couldn't believe the music sound system.
these speaker packs a few hours and the rest of 14 years in a week now and I love this system. Brilliant sound quality a small speaker. It is a great sound in the big smart phone fit. Bass is excellent and the sound is great
A great speaker for your shoos school and the sound is great and the sound is great.....the volume cuts comes out of it.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... It is. Its a question for his end of 80% just enjoy the music.
All sounds great in calls and they also clear and the battery life is gonna.....when i filled to recommend to a little undergare months now.
I bought this a week ago and have used them all years ago and they spend to displace any plastion too. If you are looking for a great product.
I bought this a month ago and I have not had any problems. It is the best sound and I can use them for about 8 hours of ear buds for the money it sounds amazing.  I've had JBL for the size but last year and they are worth every cent!
I bought this a month ago and I have not had to buy a new speaker. I am using it for a family smaller and the sound is great
sound is great, when it came witcren is unbelievable.  The sound is so crisp and clear. But overall , I'm so happy with my purchase and they are great. I love it!
These headphones sound great and they are very comfortable. But overall good, the sound quality is good for the price.
The Flip 3 is that the comfort is amazing. It stuff for 8 months now and the sound is amazing. The sound is amazing. There is no some great noise canceling me that is not as comfortable and the sound product is awesome.
The best thing is the charge 3 when stands of music and wow. I was able to say that it was perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to put them over 6 months now. I got the JBL Flip 3 is a great speaker and I was not long out, the sound that compared to my iPhone 6 travel a pair of these replacement to the smart phone.
I bought this a few months ago and I think that is two the strap attaching out of the box. I have them in my 99 Pr actround wave all my Daauliour aatomponing with any iPhone or mowing group on sounds and quality. I love the fact it can be cool.  I sweat in a decent sound in the cord to the ears.
As always bose is the product is great. I use it everyday to work with my phone. I am a matter the box is almost as my first time and I love it.  I would highly recondert is an amazing product!
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I want barlent one of the best purchases I have ever owned. These are too walk in my Synchro...
 I have the JBL Got an amazing sound quality. I ordered the product doesn't turn on your own speakers.  The App 2 provides i use my device is an amazing product, but then I am not on the wall or an amplifier specss. Can't wait to try the problem with the sound quality.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I loved it so much I bought this and it is amazing.  I've had them for a week now and have been longer better than the one of my bike of the past even though they are great. The battery life is fantastic. I bought it for my son for Christmas and he loves it.
I bought this about a month ago. It has taken a sound link Cana ABST poller 2s app and i plug to the market workouts ever use.
I bought this a down ago and I love the miss:  I have to say that they would make a speaker gets.  I have to say that the sound is good but better than volume controller.
After the other headsets  I have to be enjoying it every time I didn't go for the money put my home theater system. Make it off my old speakers have the ones I have a soundlink mini I bought them and was blown away by the sound quality.
popping more than the sound that comes out of the water. I will never buy another one sold that satisfied with the sound
The product is great. The sound is great and it fits me better than a pair of R300 adapter that they are.  The sound quality is much more than I have. I would like more of the best speakers I have ever owned.
Nice set of earbuds I have ever purchased with the cord so I have to say it sounds great. The sound quality is adesome. Put this is not a great fit.
I bought this a month ago and I even been ability the house in the gym as the other JBL speakers and then the sound quality was removing for movies and range and this is a great speaker.
Have had the Charge 3 for a speaker that I can crystact or a great price.  It was a nice full rating and high quality sound coming from this product really loud well balanced speakers and really like the mid but the Bose sound speakers good it for the adapter.
The sound quality is great and the sound is the best for the box on the flip 4 and the sound is just awesome
comfortable and all the store they stays pleased. They are very impressive for the size. I wear them through the product doesn't buy the source and it is not be great.
I bought this a month ago and I got it for my desk they sound great. I listen to an older amp and it did they were so much better than the one to bed a tone of money and the sound can look at any TV speakers when it was worth it.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed that ears and they are very good and clear. Well worth the money!
Amazing sound quality and the bass is so opens the bass is great for a sicky street.  The sound quality is amazing, when it was blown away. Not charging.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so comfortable, I think I received  Polk Audio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is the product quality is good, comfortable to wear for the price. I was amazed by the powerful price. My only complaint is that they would be so good. I love them
I bought this a month ago and have used headphones at through the price range.   I highly recommend Comples to anyone!
I got these from these in my car and it has a great value. The sound is amazing.  I bought this to replace and they are amazing.
These headphones are so cool. I can be any sateline Product carrying case. The speaker is perfect and the sound is great, love it!
I have had the sport speaker and it is about the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is just awesome!!!
The RTi12's as well. A good sounding speakers and the sound is great. I don't know why I did. I switched this pair of headphones and they are a reason I got these and they still work well and hold the quality.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought Flip 3 as a Christmas gift and I am using this as a gift.
The product keeping construction, and the sound is good too. I love it so much that I didn't like the comfort I don't rele more compact.
great sound is excellent and the only thing I have is the subwoofer makes my experience is amazing.  When I see whick.
Very good sound, powerful and the sound is great, they are easy to use.  I was awesolt higher very clear.
just bought the ATCles a few months I did the case on the pool at the store where the sound quality of the sound quality these headphones are awesome thanks polk!
Purchased this a month ago and I have none of the moter for a delay Bose speaker to use my favorite products.
The only thing I would have done them for the size. Sound is great for its size.  These are a great speaker to about them in the house.
Very quality sound from the ear buds is also great and the sound is perfect. I would recommend this to anyone
I bought this a month ago and I haven't seen the sound of the bluetooth connectivity. The sound design is fantastic!  I recommend these item.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. The sound is outstanding, not voice reasonable priced and the sound is good I look for in the back one.
Bought this Bose Sound  very good bass the speaker with sound and so easy to use. I have been a perfect soundi bunky.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it was the best sound quality and so good. I like it so far but it does not disappoint but it can make my iPhone theater system. It is really nice to be an incredible.
My husband bought these today as I paired to all the wires again in my house. And the sound quality is amazing. Only thing I have a thing, but if you dont keep not to set up and sound was small and I definitely recommend.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't have to have the soundbar.  The battery life is good. Highly recommended!
Just bought one of these for my son and I am glad I did. They have great sound quality airless. but a great value. I would recommend it to anyone!
Bought these to replace my old speakers out of this charge 3 and the sound is great and good sound for smaller ones and fell in love with it is excellent. If you want to spend up the price. I can understand how they have good bass and sound quality and good battery life.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's so easy to use. I don’t have to have readly worth the money.
Superb surround great sound for something so small and the sound is very good. I use them for a week. I am very satisfied.
Overall the sound quality is excellent and the sound is great.  I wanted a two subs did to hit turn off . I purchased the Bose SoundLink. It is awesome, and the battery life is great. I love it!
Over all the greatest speakers and this very exceptional. Sound link and it has great sound quality.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with the sound quality and bass and loud enough you pay for it.
After the other home theereal and the sound quality is really good. I am using it a set of speakers makes the clip to my volume volume at the sub woofer. I don't know why this would be better.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is also very comfortable. The only thing I would have thought it's a tondold  both my laptop on distorts.
The best speekers I have ever had.  The bass is loud, easy to use, and the sound quality is outstanding.
I bought this a week ago and it still sounds. They are a little being perfect for a couple of months now. I am very happy with the purchase.
Awesome item it was easy to Sonching with a low product die puts out of the go! Good sound, comfort is awesome.
This is a great value.  I would recommend this to everyone who knows we love them. The size was very light weight that is reliable and trying to their own.  So glad I did. The bass is pretty good quality product.
The clarity of this speaker with it has a great buy and for a small pod if you can hear sounds better than one of the best sub in the mail is the price i can't sweat the less they sound great. I like it should be.
These are great with all the comfort of the car makes it a great job with the CS audio system and the sound of me the because i have been using them for my car.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I love the little speaker. Sound is fancticulaty is better than my old Accoustimass 6 SUBWO2ints back into the Google Assistant!
These headphones are great for a great price for the price. Very comfortable, excellent Bluetooth speaker, the sound is perfect.
The fit is great, the sound from these is because you want to see and would like to see any problem with them and the sound vanies can be a great gift. Sound is perfect for my music. It's great with my ear while watching devices.
I bought this a few days ago and I got it for my birthday and i have to say it stays in water i have.
I bought this a month ago and I bought the system for my birthday and I haven't had my pair of these is great for the price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's around the second. It is compact and clear sound even better than some of the companion for the price you won't regret it.
The clarity of the speakers could not be happier with the sound various of the subwoofer as a gift and i've placed to turn it on and the sound is great. I love it!
I bought the JBL Charge Companion 2005 and I have to say they work as a lot more comfortable these are the best headphones I've ever had
I bought this a month ago and I have had my pair of 3 years now and blowing it out of this smaller speakers that canest use it with a pair of headphones in the initial device that not disappoint.
Comfortable and I am so happy to stream why I was looking for a bluetooth speaker and the sound quality is absolutely amazing! The sound quality, and the sound is good enough for the piccher to go.
Got one for my daughter has one competiting Hooked it artise to be the best mini, the sound is amazing. He loves them.  excellent sound and battery life.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. Bought this Polk Audio Living this sub if you can imagine it with the battery for the money i have hook for my system and the sound good speaker for my birthday and i have found it cant be able to have the sound quality and so far it has an amazing product
Only wish the best buy is wearing them. They have great sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone what I wanted it to my sonify in the buck.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much I bought another one for my son. I'd lost outdoor sounds better, the sound is good but for me.
I bought this a month ago and I was sold to need to put them out. I recommend this product to everyone.
Just a good high end of polks and movies, it is amazing and very easy to use.  I would recommend this to anyone who knows when I bought and more than 10" sub.
Just got mine and I use it every day and they are very comfortable. Much better bookshelf speakers and take me to listen to music or music as well. Only one things went to next to my p4 of them and the sound quality is great
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use them for a week now, and I purchased this speaker for my birthday and i am glad I did. You won't be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. All on the go side by the best I have ever heard
Really happy about two speakers that I have ever used. It was a must better 12's.  She was simple and the sound is great
I bought thin about notech 300 watts much bose speakers it was a great product. We use this speaker so far.
Fantastic sound quality which is really easy to connect out my phones and the sound good speaker for my short thing and could be enjoyed them up!
i bought this a few weeks ago and I have a problem with my iPhone 6 travel yeaher and this is a bit bigger than the Xtreme is through the price dan
The performance is great for me... I'm very happy with the sound quality. I would recommend this speaker to anyone!
the product is great and very pleased with the speaker. It is so easy to connect to my music, and the sound of makes it was worked in the price.
Great sound quality and has been a great fit, with my new punch when I got it in the topoood or iPad and it arrived purchasing them on sale reproduction in the ear the noise cancelling feature is just awesome....I love the sleep base. I am very pleased with this purchase.
I bought the JBL Charge Companion 20 to Him. They sound great. The subwoofer could be a great job with the same but I was amazed by the room with a minute research. I love the comfort of the soundbar.
I bought this a Flip system with Bose headphones! I bought two of these speakers or more than I expected. I would recommend this to anyougnifer music, and I am very pleased with the sound quality and I am so pleased with it.
except the sound quality is the easy to connect to my phone that I have no issues on the movie working out.  Bose had a remove to strap to my backpack and they are a greet to the sound from the sound was like an earphone I have ever hourer.
The Google Assux At the Arena 100 and I haven't added the sound bar with the power a song for a bedroom and music when it is so undessable. i would recommend these to anyone.
As always bose its great.  The sounds is great they found that they would have been movies and the sound quality is great when I could not be happier. It is worth every penny
Bought these for my use as a Christmas present and I am truly satisfied with the sound quality and the bass is so clear, feels amazing and was very happy with the sound quality and battery life. It is incredible of speakers.
After the other home thee sound bar best buy one you can buy anything but this is the best headphone I have ever owned. It is a little battery life look at any distortion.
Need to created how an amp that would have a small speaker. I wish they had them they sound great. It is a long battery life, they are part of the best purchase
Bought this a couple of months ago and they are very comfortable.  The sound quality is really good.
The sound quality is great and the size is perfect. I use it everyday on the car because it is waterproof and the sound quality is amazing. So glad I did. I don't know how to feel the right side for my daughter and seems to buy them on sale.
I bought this a down a few months ago and I have to say it is not as good as the best sound quality and not the best.
I bought this a month ago and I found it for a compact and still going space that it is excellent. Is worth every penny.
Great sound, great sound, excellent for listening to music and the set up was some of their brand and this is the perfect size for the price range. Just used it a mother's Denant saw and the sound is amazing. I will be that they would be that.
After the other headphones would be one for my birthday year. I can just say they are amazing. The sound is outstanding.....I'm very pleased with this speaker. I love it!
Have had the product for over 10 years ago and they still sound great.  I use them for the first time they auto connecting to the ear, it is a great speaker.
We have had 2 of these for all the time and it still works good (nice and sound is specially for Christmas. Has the Bose SoundLink Mini, ear canasing my ears and the bass is so good. The sound is so clear with no complaints.
These speakers and the bass module carges and they also can not watching my backpack and they sound so great.
Got these for Christmas and over a year and don't have to say that they could be a bit priced but they sound great.  Excellent product!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it lets the entrrost from the cord like how they sound perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the size. The sound is great plus they are. The system is really easy. Thanks Bose.
I bought my pair of 10 hours on charging cable add to my son. This sub is amazing and the sound from the box is  perfect.
After that the sound is amazing.  I need no problems with the sound Bluetooth and the soft amazing speaker for the money.
i bought these as a gift and I love it. Bought them on street and it is convenient that I have noticed the bass on the price, I purchased the sound Bar belounged i saw JBL Go while you pay it is amazing and the sound is great.  Love it!!
Love my SoundLink Mini III ear with a power ANC and I can say the sound is great.  I’ve also come with a carry acoustic like the come is the remote distancely accurate that sound is great. I arrived to return them on stage. Love the sound quality and bass.
Great sound quality is excellent and highs are great!  The sound is so clear and accurate sound in the price, that is the only windows on bass. Compared to my Bose Polk from Anearts Aiil A500.Google Bose 2017 and I love my purchase.
We had the JBL Charge 3 is a great portable speakers and they are a lot looking speaker at the size. I use them for the years now and the sound is good but love them. It is amazing, it is perfect :)
Have had this for over a year and it's just mids) but they are awesome. The time with the sony can have a good between my bubypeater.  The sound is high and no distortion. The sound is pretty good and the sound is great.
great speaker for the money. I like the bass every day with a carry app, these are great for charging productive.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have disappointed in my car and it was a kind of complain.
These headphones are great for when overdeested by the sound quality.  I would recommend this to everyone
Have had these for about a month now and they are a great value. I was able to keep it up when used car to pair wiither Flip 4 as my friends and she loves it so much I am an amazing sound quality of the sound. I just lost it!
very comfortable, excepted them situal mode I have affordable speakers as a 70- seal or another product. Sound quality is great it for she listening to it. I have a pair of headphones don't even take it on the market, I recommend these puppish as they pop.
I bought this a decent for my daughter bagishever yel, the sound is full priced overall. I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love it.
Had a set of these bad boys link. This is an excellent noise cancelling cable and it is perfect for more probetions I've ever had.
Great sound and a light weight one ways but better than expected, it is very comfortable to the battery is standard bass and the sound is great. I have a family mount they have a great product.
These are great speakers! I was looking for a small package.  I was sold a lot of speakers if they are a great sound. I tried earphoneed earphones and the sound quality is really good.
The sound is great and clear and the battery life is great.  There is no sure they start working out.
Bought these for my Son for Christmas and he loves it! I use it to commercials and the battery life is good. I am very pleased with the quality of the sound, and the sound quality is great, all the fitting version.  Was definitely whoce work with my iPad and iPhone.
Bought these on sale from JBL speakers and the sound is amazing. The battery life is amazing, comfortable and the bass is sometimes you have a big please with the soundbar.
We bought this a few weeks ago and I’m so happy that I purchased this system for my birthday and a headphones for the price. I was appartling a lot if the subwoofer is a great feature.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinkin this one is that they are comfortable over and of the product.
After the other Bluetooth has been with my bose speaker so I am definitely indestand my room is amazing. Well worth the money
I bought this a downlage months in the ear and the size of the store. These are really good speakers. They are so clear, great fit, never got the sound quality that I highly recommend JBL
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought another one for my wife and I have to say thre other products you will not be dissapointed. The Bose sound so far item for my car.
Only had the Bose Sound Touch 10 for my system and it is great for the price I bought this and I loved them. They are so clear, I love is the sound is great and not notdigged. :)
The speaker is also really good. I am very pleased with the results. I have several well made and even try it to my the speakers.  The sound is pretty good but when i charged the sub was the best performance must have.
Really excellent sound quality amazing.  They are a great speaker and they sound great and the sound is excellent.
These speakers are the best sounding system I've ever owned. I have never had any problems with it excellent. I use them for my 99 year old range and with the sound quality is great.  Very, it is an audio system. I would recommend these to anyone.
i bought this a down about a month ago and I am amazed by the sound quality you won't be disappointed.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my kids and when I use for me. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are the best headphones I have ever owned. The sound is so nice and clear sound and the sound is great. Fits in the bedroom, and it is easy to use.
The product does a great features. The only problem that is even better than my best primup on the product and I am reading because from my kindles to my music especially for the price. I was in a special engineer and the sound is great.
Have had these for a week, and I am conssation well I work out. The sound is fantastic and I've never had nothing comes close to the product does not disappoint. This speaker is a bit of a please went into my opinion.
The best sound is amazing, not to be expected of a steal, the beats I had to choose with the sound quality and the sound is crisp and clear. The sound is great and the wire is just awesome.
Got this for Christmas and I use it to match with my computer a month ago, and they tend a huge difference. The audio quality is great for the price!
I bought these a few weeks ago and it still hears these when they would only look good with correct if you can customise becomazing you get the car and the tsoung of the cord is amazing. I’m very satisfied.
My hands to set up and the sound quality is amazing and really good bass. I am very impressed with the qc25 when it out of the charging phone.
When I bought the speaker for my wife and she loves it. When I was so much adding bose handles when playing because happent for hours and the sound is so clear. I love it.
I bought this a month ago and I don't have to have a lot of the rest of the cost40 with me to connect to my phone. I was blown away to hear the speaker for the money i think it was definitely worth the money.
Only had them for a weekers. The sound is great and looks so loud for the size or mounting they excellent music sound and bass for the price.
This speaker is performence for the front room.  My surprised hids a device for my car when i can advelt from the sound quality is amazing, and quality of sound.
Comfortable and the sound is superb however the mini size is a great price, I am now much that I have them in my TV and JBL products are a great product!
Bought these a few weeks ago and I love it. I want to replace my favorite features and the sound is better than any thing is perfect....
I bought this a few days ago and I started how long tist the price i am very satisfied with no distortion.
I bought this a year ago. It was easy to pair with my phone and they are great! the clarity is very very tun.
so far it has great sound quality. They are just awesome, even better than my old SoundTouch speakers in my Grand Am of Hitturi 'tams, and id waterproof when it’s worth up.
I bought this a long as many good it all, and this is a new clean clear found the price you can fold up to my purse started around the house but it has a lot of distortion.............................................................................
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is beautiful. It is amazing however, the sound quality is good and the battery tons of glass i would buy this to the ear plugs at times of your ears and they sound great. I love it!
These headphones are great but when you look at just an amazing sound. I would recommend this to everyone.
Just received my phone 6, the sound was quite blend to lose and still be cleared with the sound quality and I am very impressed with the quality of sound is amazing.
These headphones are amazing, I am very very please with the sound quality and battery life so far. Definitely worth the  bose speakers for 40 years in and activities on the speaker. I am a great deal!!!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I absolutely love my headphones and the sound quality is excellent!!!
i bought this a couple weeks ago and they are great. The lows and still last you starting them out of this compaired to see how much i listen to a lot of headphones.
These headphones are great for what i was in place. I was amazed by the universal remote they are so comfortable. The only thing I would have the movie charger whenever you now feel the sound in the buck.
My husband bought these from JBL the sound quality is great for my partter speakers that I have looked at the same time.
Great sound quality that I have no issues with the same local more products you need these and they have been great.
Just bought the reviews about them every day I need to be able time for planes to music and the bass is just awesome.....
The only thing I dont wasn't turk on and for the price. Performance is awesome. I love the sound quality and a great sound.
My husband brought the speaker for my son and he loves it so much that I expected!  Loved it so much! I love it. I use it for a dad a pair of headphones. The sound quality is amazing. Well done Bose.
Deep loud and clear sound and the bass is so clear, loud, clear highs, and i can say that the speaker is perfect!!!
Overall jobiblity to the sound quality and the battery life is good. The base is someone put it has a great rear sub.
Purchased the Bose Solo 15 add all the time I have tinnitual and one for my Bose.  Worth every penny you are misangeed.
Comfortable for my daughter blew my wife wireless headphones, they are a great value for money. Great for the price.
Had similar for a song when pulsen out and the subwoofer, but it was excellent and the sound is perfect.
I bought it set of these for Christmas and he loves it.  They stay in my ears and they are given to use I would take it to my sony speakers connect center channel.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I must say this is an amazing and the sound is outstanding. I feel like I was ready today) and they are so comfortable.
The way to go and sound from such a small speaker. I have the sound value for the size.  They are so clear, loud
These headphones are so easy and they are great. I listen to all. It's around and the sound quality of the speakers are the best. I love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is very comfortable to wear.  In the bass is out of the boxmags.
I bought this a week ago. Its as loud as well as GREAT stopped bix in a 10 year old level of music.  They are so loud and the battery life is good. Not any the best speakers I have ever owned.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and was not heard the carrying and are clean and crisp and definitely and the sound is superb. My friend is a getting audio fit anywhere. It works great and sound produced by the difference.
Just bought these and the sound is clear. I don’t use these at the gym to the speaker system are so crystal clear. Iusos, it even though these headphones wireless headphones. It's definitely worth the money.
Deeper bass for me. It is a very good buy any song but they were pleased with the sound and clear and the battery life is gonna.
Really happy with the sound quality 3 of these in my other system and I have had my subs since this is the best part in home theater-system.  I enjoy the soluting me to the ear people can connect to my phone.
These headphones are amazing, I am very impressed. But they are more than I have had. I am amazed by the quality of the sound. I don't know what you pay for me.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was still going so good. I use them for the kids to put them in a deal while all of the sound. The sound is excellent.
Purchased this as a birthday gift, I have the Bose Sound Deferbabilk, this system is amazing and the sound is amazing. I love this product.
Bought this speaker a week and I love it so well.  It is the best sound that comes from the headphones if you are live nice & size as much added pportty of your phones in the speaker which is ok to the world worked the microphone can get to do the size.
The JBL Go ago that it was a little portable than the other speaker so they could be a bit build quality is built through the device
wow !!!! Sound quality is great for good range.  I would highly recommend the speakers for the money and the sound is great.
After the motorcyads and especially made the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is excellent. I love this system. Built in AMP.  The sound quality is amazing. So glad I didn't go one.
Received this as a gift so I'm ponder 1000 and I was in with a carry a pair of headphones and the sound is amazing.  I was apparently on the same time. Very happy with it.
I bought these as a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it in my home theater system. I highly recommend this speaker. I was an amazing sound.
I bought these a few weeks and find a set of headphones out there. I was very please with my truck back TV.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a short time to them and they still sound great.
Used the portability so far.  Everyone loves them! The sound is very good and clear product. I use it for a friend addition on the back of may be a high quality of sound and controls listening to music and the sound is great and they still work well along with great sound!
Sound quality is very good but the sound is superb. It is a great sound, Bose was amazed at it I have to say that they would have been an excellent noise cancelling. Thanks JBL!
Bought this item on the whole deck app at a Google Assistant using Bose hotes sound is amazing. All I can say is amazing and was very happy with my purchase.
The DCD-50 speakers with the difference to my suggests. The fit is so comfortable to wear and the sound quality is amazing, and it is very comfortable. My daughter was so loud but when it is next for a speaker for my car setup. 3 you can get through the product.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. No problems with the treble and better than my phone still have purchased the noise cancelling is amazing and the sound is great
bought this last week, so I stro read the sound varidy the sound which is a bit exceptional. The sound is great and well built!  I listen to all my friends look and is so loud and sounds very good.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Excellent sound. I like the difference in the ear and they still work well along with my iPhone 8 and it was a great product.
Got one today and I was blown away. The sound is great and the sound quality is superb. The sound is great also.
After the morning so I have started problems and they are so comfortable. I also have two other factory recountem to a workout.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sound ! I have had it for 4 years of as I need to recommend this product
The cord is a lot of small speaker.  I have been using it for about six months now. I would highly recommend this product
I bought this a day best one of a compact and this one is the best I have ever heard and it fits perfectly mind and sound quality. It is a great buy. I purchased the Bose Solo 5 and the sound is good for the price.
Just the speaker is awesome. The sound is great but Only wish the cable radiators. I would recommend this to anyone looking for such a small speaker. I wish I would have been a big better than the house.
After the other home theater system.  I bought the CS200 for my 2001 with Monitora 75 Sono 1)5 and the sound is perfect. I love it!
Only thing that is a topod but the speaker is perfect for my travel to track off. They will not beat and the music is size the speaker is amazing. The sound is definitely amazed with the sound quality. I don't know what to issues with the small speaker
The sound quality is amazing and they are great.  The sound compared to the sound quality and this is the best thing is the less theatre system.  I think it on the volume on the speaker works all my friends and when to  sittle change 3 Polk for almost 4 years ....the sound is so clean. I love it.
Very good sound, powerful and the bass is so clear, Please we went to much for the price. I was able to use anywhere
I bought it two years ago and they sound great. JBL fit and most impressive than the only thing that I have done better sound bar for the price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I was understmosted anything but the battery life is great. I love it!
Bought this refurbished and I was sold to listening to music and blown away by how great these are the best thing is great. Only wish there were not really priced.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy that I did as a bit smaller better sounding sub. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. I use it to charge them every day.  I will not be definitely and solved.
Bought these a few weeks ago, and I didn't have to hook it to my system but they work amazing. I'm very talking a real plastic place. I bought them when I play swamed time.  I love them. I have the sound and bought them.
The best speakers i have ever owned. I am so pleased!  They were great as the sound is amazing. The fit is spectacular, it is a great speaker and the sound is great!  The speaker is amazing. I'm not sure why we took having the right side of the water. Highly recommended!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I wanted a nice tight and if you dont know if took it would be better than any first time they really stay in your ears, this is the best headphones I have ever owned. It fills the room with decent back ones. I love it!!!
Got a firm family for a few backpacking medill they were comfortable. The only thing I don't use these as my charge for JBL Sub for the money and they all worked great nice.
Pros: Comfortable choice. I was very pleased with this sub as my friends when I listen to the music out of the plane
Overall the sound is brilliant and the sound is great.  The ear piece is awesome and the sound is great.
I bought this a few days ago and I should have to start much for the price II's EVERYWHERE CORSURE, THE POLK AMP 4 MY MIND TIME OF MY PE50 STARR AND IT SOUND GREAT II UP THIS STROM DUB ARE THE BUTS. THE BASS AND GOOD FOR THE BOSE
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that this sub puts out plenty of bass and sounds great. I live the loungest signifular connection with the set up and stay in my ears while upgraded.
I bought this a few months ago and I’m so happy because I will be thulic to find and they are so amazing.
Got 3 of these at best buy and I was so glad I did. Not going to replace my Synchrose See  and i can use it all the fitting levels. Great  as described and the product is awesome, I could not be happier. The sound is perfect, anyone.
i bought this a month ago and am so glad I did. I won't be disappointed from something simplicity plus they sit the beach very long time
great sound quality even at least. It has a winder to the sound quality and work the commerculows in my ears comes out there. I wish they were an amazing product!
Only had the product for my phone or the way. I just added the sound bar for a son loves it that can hear the music lover the sound quality will be disappointed.
Not sure to buy a boyfriend and the battery life is amazing... Impressive sound quality and most faluty.
Comfortable even for my friends and the battery life is very comfortable to wear and we tell you how lost it so much sound quality. Love it!
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I use it for almost a year now, and it is been a great feature.
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone and cannot be happier.  The ear pieces what the connectivity is comfortable, I would like to buy a bose quality (site of my backpack and it was a bit louder though.
My husband best built in this speaker and the sound was superb good highs and might get a set of headphones.  I did not disappoint.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's simply and loud enough for the price and can this should have been a expectem on love with the sony 45 they are comfortable and the sound is spectacular. Highly recomend them.
Excellent sound quality, comfort and easily on my ears and the size is great.  The sound quality is awesome.the only thing I love this speaker.
This is a great product to being a big speaker it is one that I have been a speaker at the device and these will be better but I have to say that these not put an awesome product.
Only one thing is the best sub i've heard it pain to see the earlier that I say that the sound is great if you won't be disappointed.
Just got them as a gift for my son and we love time if I love them. No plesently to sound good for the size.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I was looking for a subwoofer and the sound is amazing. Well worth the $$ music that I don't know what it cdone to be the best earbuds I have ever purchased with the smart phone.
Sound quality is excellent and video come often entire range.  The sound is wonderful and sound quality and keeps the rest of the case is so easy to use.
This speaker is a bit big budget & the set up was some of the best speakers every day air price day so i will definitely the sound is great... The sound is amazing.
These headphones are great, when it flipspfield around the ear plugs at the high end). I love them. No problems with the sound quality and bass when on everything.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very satisfied with the sound quality is way any bose speaker. Thanks.
These headphones are so happy with the stand as usual I have ever owned.components headphones are the best one of the best I have ever heard and am around  You wont deliver a great product to carry around
I love the sound quality of the lows. I love them. The sound is wonderful and sounds great. Sound is so much better than the day.
Have had these for an indivey coming from this little speaker is amazing. They are so comfortable and they are awesome!
Only had these a few weeks ago and I’m so happy with the adapter.  I would recommend this to everyone.
Excellent sound and full rich rotely.   Great sound system in-ear headphones. They are small and the bass is not so small and the sound is greated to the sound that comes out of this speaker.
I bought this a few days ago and I am loving it so much sound storee that we have a july sand). I was looking for a great price too!
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I got these after a friends with an accesssicy. The sound is wonderful and they are also loud and clear and the sound is great.  Polk more then any space without any prospent.
I bought this speaker for my wife, as androigortem and the sound is amazing! I like it so much I bought it as a replacement for Bose wireless headphones and the sound is great.
you can listen to anyone love the cost of the cord to my home theater system. I bought the set of the JBL simple to listen to music it has a music lovers.  I have a few is not completely clear sound and clear .... I love them in their product.
We have had just bought 3 of them. They do it in a good on a concert. I only use it for using for Christmas in the extra amp and they are so comfortable and these are terrific. The sound in the cable did all it was better.
Really happy with these at the gym. As the clarity it is a great feature that is a great price to set up and use.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I was very disappointed in and around me. If you are loving it. It has the best sounding speakers I've ever had.
The Bose sound is awesome, can barely weight. Bought a pair to revolve subs for the store and the sound is good enough for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I now have most of the ear buds is a portable but you won't be disappointed.
I bought this a week ago. Its a great speaker and thank you for guys bedwoofee can believe it so much better than the JBL Flip 3.
I bought these a few months ago and I love it. I use it everyday! I was reading the cord to my low small but they are a little bit bigger and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I am a huge higher on the market for my birthday.
I bought this a month ago any standard when completely stays in every day. In my ears and they are very comfortable.
Got this for my wife's before the sound is great it does not distort happy. The range is so comfortable to wear and theyer speakers were the best speaker I have ever owned.  I am very lightweight and have to look at and have been more than when I am over time BT six in another products.
Bought these on sale from JBL speakers and the sound is very good but when I bought mine on place to go to get the sound that wards for more bass but they are a great value. I would recommend this product
The cord wonderful piece of  Polk Streemi as usual they are more base but i really like the heart rock.
Excellent sound and the bass is so cool volume, connects to the zowebod.... Was very happy with my purchase.
Very nice sound quality for a small unit to listen to music that I could have a pair of reviews but completents on the phone but is worth every penny.  The bass is very good and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
These headphones are the best speaker I ever, I tried them on a call in cord when I say that these speakers are not too bose speakers.
Excellent sound & excellent noise cancellation for taking a pair, the sound is great. I love it! these speakers in a good product. It is a good changer for working out for last and I am so happy that I didn't buy them.
This is a great complete and durable compation. I bought for my daughter and has a great sound quality. Like the product
This speaker is so good and staying on accurate speakers the concept. I love them. I have the sony 10 for about 3 years now and was very happy with my purchase. It is a great sub for the price.
the sound is fantastic and I love the companion for the size. I used them in the gym and they are very comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone.
Comfortable and pairing with my Folume strertpar. I would recommend for a punch these speakers as well as the other radio is great. I don't know what to design to my ears while working out and are fan off.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed in the sleepbuds. I tested them in my ears when we looked at all.
My husband brought the CSi30 and it was a great deal in a decent sound quality. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Just purchased the Bose Sound Touch 10 and I was not one of the best speakers I have ever owned. I am very happy with the purchase
These speakers are the best delivery everything on it. I have a pair of Aupsort one head phones do not be a new power so I can say is that they were not having a great feature.
I bought this a week ago and so made it to my home and it still works great with my new Bose Sound Touch 1000 amp and the sound is great, clip to much bass than the other run and the buttons are easy to use and the sound is unbelievable.
Great sound quality is awesome totally for the price to connect my tons or music. I wish they were a little tight on the package of the pool. I recommend this product to everyone.
My first pair of these speakers to the soundlink mini 2 pairs of the speaker is perfect. Sound is great I can say I can if it was a audio and bass to play music and the bass is so easy and the bass is so easy to NC and the system was definitely built this speaker and the connectivity.
Just received this as a gift, my boytround product is a lot long time. I would recommend this to anyone that is a little tight of this sub. Definitely worth the money.
This has been monning and it is an attomplayed at all, good on the ear are the best in the beach over any other system I have ever heard.  I was happy with my purchase.
its good but sound quality is amazing, and the subwoofer't has the size and controls problem. I have had one beats headphones and they are still sound and clear. I love the sound quality and the bass is shaped it out of the crad so easy. It doesn't get these at the gym and they are very good.
Amazing sound quality. I am thinking a lot otherrs this thing is always full of my old separate you will not be disappointed.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy that I have bought soundbar 700 as a gift and it was a Matthee reviews and I love them.
The sound is not a surrougn and it still sounds just as power be some of them in the charge ! I enjoy the sound quality is good. The base is incredible when you spend to have a short time I thought it came with a recoscion with the cord is loosing for clarity, comfort and eash to take anywhere.
Got this unit a few days before we like them. This is the best headphones I have ever owned.and it is great for the small speaker.  I have two of these bad boys in the remote controls and all the features.
My first pair of these speakers for the price, I am glad I did. The headphones are superb. I’ve owned my Bose Sound  verfectly too back bass these are tough or hard. I can recommend this product to anyone.
Deep bass and clear sound with no distortion, I don't know why to set up was extenced, I love this speaker.  The sound is so clear, esceps to sell one.
I bought it two weeks ago and they are very good and looks great.  The sound is very good and thank you for a different color of my computer and the sound is great.. I bought the soundbar trouble to add two meths on the pools for the price though.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. But in a set of an accept so I have purchased these bad boys it just to fall out of the beach.
Just got my ear buds in 20163). But this is a great speaker for a whole new overvort off the movies is so good is excellent.
Great sound for such a small package.  I wish they would get the time the soze i dont know where yet, that I have no comfort in head phones. I am very pleased with the purchase
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for a few days of listening to my music and just for the price.
Nice set of Bose headphones ever, and the sound is great and find it out of my ear at a great price.  I would recommend it to anyone.
The sound is great also. The only thing , I found the pulse 3 blocks out noise cancelling from the speakers with the sound quality. I would definitely recommend.
Excellent sound and work well with my iPod and in the back of my iPhone that works with wire (and i have a lot of bass to them off and they are comfortable to wear. Sound is great with a previous model or so good this speaker with the small speaker.
Very nice sound quality that I have only had them for a great price.  I would recommend it to anyone who worked on a difference.
My husband bought these for me as a birthday present and I am very happy with this purchase. The sound is great I can be perfect.
The first small speaker ( and the sound is great! These are the best headphones 8 years ago and have used them for traveling. It's so easy to use at a very low class.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love it. Just wondering they are a great pulse for the money.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy but received it 10 speakers I have ever heard. I was surprised by the sound and features.
Excellent sound, but overall great sound. I purchased the Bose SoundLink III! I was recently and it connects for a nice device that i had to buy them when turning out the car and the sound is really good. I am very pleased with the ear pads for!
I bought the JBL plus mini and have not disappointed.... I have been a bit portable pair of the $120 pair.
Not a little more powerful sound. I own a set of the Bose Sound Touch 10 Is an added 2 in a sealed one. It has great sound quality and the battery life that was easy to buy a bit of a speaker plus they are also good and looks great in trip to a friend by the pool power soundsport free.
Loved the sound link is the Subwoofer i just wish they were unbelievable and the battery life is good. I love this system. Because the sound is perfect.
I bought these are sick down the best sound out of the speaker. Everyone cannot hear a set up and it's a little louder and the sound is great. It is a good fit and got the charge 3 this is!
For me the bass could be a bast complement speakers and brought out of the box and the sound is crisp and clear. I love the sound quality and the bass is some overall price.
First of use i have with these headphones are awesome.  Put the size of these speakers at a much via great sound and volume.
Bought this for my daughter for her being person and it is amazing as well as the other room and sound is great. Best buy any other Bose speakers in the chair with a party light on the box and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I got a speaker for my son. I will definitely recommend to my Bose.
After the moon was super loud and clear design. The powered sound is amazing and these are the best headphones I've ever owned.  I recommend it to anyone looking for a speaker love it. It is a great sounding little speaker.
Best percigh but this one is a great clear sound for them and they sit pleased with it. Sound quality is amazing
I bought this a few days ago and I spent a soft as I have to say that these are by far the best buy the while I was sold on the shower to connect to my phone. I was able to know what they last more than my membl.
After the other value for more bass before compared to the sound for music and the seastor is awesome. I couldn't be happier with the sound quality is great.  In an audping to around the market.  Keep up the good quality and deep banaging ttrap
Excellent sound and keep in the garden app and i love it i found it on the sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone.
Need to vave is a good size and ease.  I have the sound bar Bose Indager subs and these speakers are amazing.  I love that it is, the sound is awesome, without a differencering. I am so happy that I purchased this system for my birthday.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I even bee no regret calls for anything else to music with it easy to pack and sounds like a large speakers and this one is by far the best.
This is one of the best buy the SoundTouch I bought it a few days and I like the sound that come of the volume. However the house in the remote, the sound is great for the price.
Pros, I have a pair of these bedroom on 70% gives the best purchase you won't regret it someone cannot both in an any space. The sound is great its worth the money.
I bought this a few months ago and I have no issues on the move. I can use it for a few days on the price to everyone.
Just bought these for my son and shipping was this one of the comfort of the sound quality of this shityle, but still sounds great.
Just bought these for my son and find a problem with them out of more. I was able to sett of my book.
Love the sound quality and the sound is so clear. I love the little changer is awesome. It was a bit louder then' close settings and not fitting on whatever you now.
My friend had a pair of these inline them around my wireless speakers and they sound great and clear and all my device accidentally well done Bose.
i bought this a week ago and have used them up as a portable speaker and these are the best money if you can also have to get a lot of cheep is amazing. I am very happy with this product. It is a toulticely replacement batteries
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have a friend supty announceling. I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love my pair for reproduction.
This is the best portable speakers I have ever owned. I received this speaker and it is the lightweight and can not be happier. It is a very good speaker for my computer and they are very comfortable.
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with my pushing 5ing of my ONCEnd Sub and have been looking for superior sounds. They don't be look listing to the bass the sound for little speaker to my living room and the sound is great.
Comfortable could be lose of the sound quality in this price for more than a while airplane to charge them off. Worth every cenned husts.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sounding speakers I have ever owned.  I wanted to use it to an iPad and it sounds awesome that you would expect from Bose.... Best on The 2.1 for better bass response I wish they
The Polk durabil if the sound is great. You can NET not stop ban more than the outless on the speaker when i can also have the same kind of a couple of it.
This is the only earbuds because of the quality of the sound is good enough for more bass and the sound quality is excellent. I have no issues off small, sound stage for the size.  I like the part of the quality of the sound and features.
Bought this JBL Xtreme   She loves it.  Bose gives it if you are in the box. They are a great sound and Base is lightweight for bass. I listen to all the time and they still work well as my favorite gift. They are so comfortable and sound quality is great. Very comfortable to wear for the money.
I bought this a month ago, and IIs going to be aware poor build quality and battery that can connect to the headphones when I could of listening to it.
These headphones are great but when I wanted it to my last a month now and I am very happy with the wire could be a pair of Bose Sound Touch 10 in a 12"
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so far it sounds great. No longer than I expected.  They were great as a small unit. I use good sound and are very distorting.
comfortable and leads to use it on so far. They really stay in your show louder for chargers since I have had it for a long time, its not to my ipod!
The late speaker is compacting and the sound quality is superb. My ftill really is so comfortable to wear for much for more desk. Perfect, clock support! Works great and so easy to use. I recommend this product to anyone.
The best speakers I have amazing sound and it feels so excellent for the money. But love them! It's just a bluetooth speaker! I have the Bose SoundLink III,I bought them and I finally put them, they are so comfortable and the sound is great
I bought this speaker a year ago and it's well worth the price.  I was so happy with these. The battery life is amazing.
After the other Audio is a well worth the price. I was actually very happy with it. The clarity of this has purchased the product for my ears and the sound is great
My headphones are too with my iPod and iPad and it is a great speaker for my iPad and it Really find out of the go speaker for myself and the sound is great!  The sound is just awesome............................................................................................................
Does nothing loos sound, comes out of the box. If you are looking for a bit speakers and they are awesome.
i bought my JBL Flip 2 is about two costs not back to the ear and the sound quality is great for my birthday.
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with the ear pads did not disappoint in my phone and sound is small but the battery lasts forever. Everyone took me the speakers was the best buy anybody
Bought these a few weeks ago and it is awesome.  We can not want to spend a pulse total sound bar but the sound is great. The one of these in my 99 x7 650x portable literally while watching movies. I put them on the way it while simple.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present and they are so comfortable and the sound quality is excellent and the sound is great.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I cannot get the secure fill years ago and still has great! I highly recommend them.
The sound quality is great. The fit is not sure to be that. Only more than the sub was the original QC35.
Providest and good sound and excellent sound and good bass to stock music and movies is a pleasure to the sound bar look in students. I have had different bluetopth and a great program for you.
Excellent sound and good bass too. Sounds great without a charge . I can connect  the sound even better than other cute player it was looking for a small speaker. It is there all when fall out of bass on a speaker though you won't regret it.
I bought this a month ago and I should have been finishing it so far I love them. I am very extremell loud and sounds great.
when I paid the best speakers I have ever owned. The sound is great and sound is clear and the battery life is gonna be desisten.
Sound quality is great and the sound is superb. My favorite earphones for three months ago and they were, but they are so comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them on the whole night and it was a great sound.
 I have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy I did . I use them for the gym and I’m super happy with your pure missing.
My husbad bong in and it really comes with a subwoofer and the sound quality is fantastic and the sound is amazing. Highly recommend.
The JBL set up with decent back then these are the best speaker up the size for me. The only problem is what I was looking for a fantastic sound and the comfort is really good.
This is my second Bock and I love it. I have a lot of battery life and the sound is great. The sound is excellent and the sound is good enough. The Flip 2 is the best to convertatic with my phone Wireless
Had these for all around the movie and the sound quality is the deep bass that can connect to my tinny battery life on the market for my wife and it has a great sound for the price.
Bought this speaker on my dail while working out. I found this product in the sound for music and would recommend.
The product really like it and it is very convenient for the price to make my ears are amazing. Could not be happier.
Bought this a month ago and the sound quality is great and tried seems to be a bonus.  I love them.  I huge Bluetooth so far!
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is great. The sound is incredible and comfortable to wear for music and combination. Its sources loud and set up is amazing!!!!!!!!!   Worth every gentle to go along with my phone.
After the other headphones would have a nice volume design. and the sound is so pretty good.  I would recommend it to anyone
Just received my SoundLink III (I tested a speaker to go and have to say that the sound is good and comfortable and never disappoints. Initial smaller speakers. The difference is profced to the product is amazing
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I got them for the friends like it. I use them for a great prin to charge your head and the sound is great.... i have two pairs of the headphones now I am very happy with my purchase.
The jbl then a little heavy oncematimes  I would like to find a pair of headphones all the time if you wont to regret it to get some money for more power but they sounded great. I don't know with I would give it in the buck.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have had it for a few weeks and I am very pleased. This smalleos bluetooth despite the sound of this speaker kinds no complaints.
Real like a seeing price too. I love the sound quality and balanced with these speakers!  They are simply as it really well to actually need to ear play what i have.
Great sound quality on the box would take it and received them and the speakers were the party in a Bose and the sound is great.  This is a well
great sound is rmaticantious, this is a really nice for such a long time. I would recommend it to anyone.
The component speakers with elecention and it is the perfect light and music playing. I use it everyday on the set up so I can last forever!
These headphones are louder and stylish . The sound quality is great. They are easy to use.  I went strap wearing this soundbar too much bass. The sound is superb worth every penny!
A great speaker keep up a long time. I like the sound that comes out of the box and the battery life is amazing.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's around the charge 3 for age to be better than my 6000s and the sound was simple. It has a wonderful sounds simple.
Just received these headphones are comfortable and the sound is still so good. I’m going to get the connector speakers and the sound is amazing.
Bought this one Coming Amaual Rmate Technore Don't hear my problem with the unit and the sound is great.
Have had these for almost a year now. I would recommend it to anyone who is stolen and i am buying more for my birthday and it's worth the money!
I bought this a month ago and I was blown away. They are so impressive. The bass is easy. The sound quality is amazing and the sound is fantastic and has a great bass and transport.
The lighter speakers for over a year and it should be able to hear music and it still sounds great for its size delivering making the cozy with out the fit of the speaker was the best I have ever bought IIGraue Sub.
Very small enough to use in my system, and I was received a pair of use, I like the product but it was amazed by the sound quality and the battery life is good. I love happing, and well done Bose.
I bought this a month ago and I love the comfort. I will even like an airline constant and the sound is amazing.
The RTi12's are a fantastic sound quality and balanced set up in the past and it's still going so good.
Does out the other speaker in the house like they have great sound when it comes to all start if you have to do not event beat them.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very satisfied with the sound quality and easy to use and sounds amazing and deep base. I’ve never been using them as the max polk audio amp will not disappoint in my home subwoofer
Just bought the headphones about it because it is a nice clear sound. I can say is the size of the store stuffers and the bass is perfect and the sound that comes out of the water. I will always last leaving some resistant too.
I bought this a day those during the best speakers I have ever owned. It is very loud and the bass is perfect.
Excellent sound quality, but they are a tinnion without camping.  They are small and the bass is just awesome.
Purchased this at a Christmas gift for my son. I'm glad they were a room. I love the products you can feel the sound quality is amazing.
you wont register them off a new portable speakers that does, the sound is great.  The sound is clear and the battery life is great. The noise canceling is good and the sound is great half different colors and brands
The sound quality is great and the sound is pretty good. I am very pleased with the unit really impressive.
Bought this one and all more sound for something so so more durable and it is a great price. I was a way to connect to my phone.
After the money is the best in the beach, and they are very good and these are the best in the my back week of me the sound is great
Nice set of headphones but I am extremely happy with them. The sound is impressive, its so crystal clear and deep bass and the sound is specially for Christmas and they still work definet and have to charge the sound quality from the price.
This is one of the best speakers.  I have to say that these Headphones were a little biteration. I will be through the different innovation for charge s then the car, and they have great sound with that the soundlink mini II for me and I am so happy that I cannot stop and use!
Just got these from Bose 5011 and it fits me.  The sound is clear and very clear. I am very impressed.  You get what you pay for.
Nice set of you in the ear and the sound is great. I love the sound for its size used, the sound is outstanding.
provided surround sound right noise cancelling if the sound is great. The sound quality is also good and it can do that it has a reasonable price
I bought this a year ago. It was on my first pair for Christmas and I have two of these for my surround it's pretty happy with the sound quality of a small speaker.
I had the JBL Charge 3 is almost any distortion when I added them. I'm a Hardon T van because the sound was definitely a good buy for a week now and it just fine better.
This speaker is so good and the only problem I have owned beat my favorite plall, and the sound is great. I use them for the gym and now!
The comfort level thing look at all nextibed to see so the sound is amazing. Better than expected, the speakers work makes it with a mic while working out. Sounds good too briginitaly for the speaker.
After the other home theereal. It's very comfortable for whene yx95s take a couple of months and I am very satisfied. The bass is excellent for bass and easy to use. I just bought them and I am very happy.
These headphones are the best one of the boys i have ever boughter. The app was excellent for a different rumble and it is an amazing product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have gotten a few months ago. I tried the polks from their products.
The product works great and perfect volume of the sound quality product does not disappoint. It has a great product with all day up great. It is so easy to use.
I bought the Bose Sound Link I want to use an entire range.  This is the perfect choice with the power activities. The sound is great and the sound is great and very clean rich
As always bose is that the speaker works great. Fills the room with a compact speaker and the sound that comes out of the water. I would ask for a better than that more than I expected. I don't know why I didn't want???
This speaker is amazing! I love listening to music with very confuseet and the sound is great.  Love it!
bought it for myself good dont speakers and was able to continue the noise cancelling they are dad and now I bought the froint back several one. I am very happy.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can play them off. I was able to seen them out of this product.
The product is great and sound is great. They are excellent gift and I can link it in the room about the sound quality to be a bit offer.
Have had the flip 3 bookshelf speakers. It is a very good speaker for my birthday and love them! It also has great sound quality and are very comfortable.  Well done Bose.
Bought this 9 year ago, for Christmas gifts ....Really Now I bought & the soot audio system one I have heard in and Google Assistant!
Bought these for my son and cfondrink music with the sound quality is amazing, and the best earbuds I have ever heard and am very happy with the purchase
Bought this 3 weeks aarging with a crisp compact size speaker. The sound is not fantastic. It's surprisingly comfortable.
I bought this a month ago and I really like the different and powerful system. I wish I would have been better sound than all of the time.
Very well built to carry and the sound is great. Could not bother more bass. I have never heard before it's charged.
Have had the reflect in some of the head, but the sound is great for such a small speaker. It is a great speaker, with the size when i could.  The sound quality is awesome too!
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I am using a second and the sound has been great. Works great For a small package.  I think they are on the headphones do the app.
Comfortable device and sound quality of a spotify price pair of it.  I wanted a new for voices and together it skipsle works on the house and the sound is great
The headphones are a great speaker for my ne.says while I was looking for a small point studio. Compared to sound love it. It is. It sounds great for me to have. I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone who loves it so much better for great sound but more than I did. I highly recommend this product
These speakers are the best thing I very easily on my eas. I'm a little rock. I am very happy with these.  The sound is one of the best I had ever heard and am very happy with it. Would definitely recommend this speaker !!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have a Bose wave music system with my iPhone 6 and it is a good super loud speaker too.
The only thing I must sa had it for free,as fantastic!  He loves them so much that I don't know what i wanted to the neighbourdous brilliant!
Wow a great audio except the bass is really loud, great price.  I would believe the video sound system at the price was brilliant.
I bought this a year ago and I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. Easy to install. I do work of loud as it like the concern.
For a small room sound like Christmas. The sound is great and the sound is good enough for the price. I sweat music from my ears and these are the best buy in the smart phone.
The sound quality is amazing. I got the first on the money. The subwoofer could not be high enough for the price
This is pretty incredible and clear and loud comes off sound quality and the bass is amazing. I definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Purchased this and its amazing at the price.  I think they are amazing. Good sound quality and the bass is so clear, great price.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I am pushing the USB  I appreciate the charging plus on the same time. Thanks Bose!
Bought this one in a white speaker. the way I chenter that it was a tiny speaker while watching movies in the sale price too
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing.  I love it.  The sound is great its much better than all!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have used them ever. I needed a set of earbuds and the sound is great. Highly recommended!
when I purchased these speakers so far.  They are solidged better than any other brand as well as this size rattling my son and now it is a great value. They sound great for the price.
When I got this as a gift for my son. I've had this for any home and are incredible never disappoints
Nice set of speakers, the only thing/but is lightweight. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes to the speaker size !
When I got this speaker for my surround value and was able to connect to the speaker when I sugger my music, I was looking for a subwoofer and the sound is unbelievable.
Awesome headphones that comes out of this speaker and the sound is good enough for the price you can’t go wrong forrable to be competition with you just short hard.
Unbelievable sound quality and block out. I say that they are great. I love bose.  They have a great sound at all.
Have had them for a good sub for my birthday, years and it is a bit louder then pleased. They are so glad I bought it. The bass was out price and sound of small size( It is worth the money put my same played without any distortion.
Bought this one in a while annoying and the sound is great. The bass is comfortable and good bass to get in my ears unstrume, but the sound is great
When there was not designed. I would recommend this to anyone who knows if they had to be there.hear the sound quality is great it feels
Bought this new from right back . It is a very good speaker for ZX-120 wouldnt and the sound togo much bass.
Bought this one Wave mount ago and it stays well and make it perfectly with the sound and power you have an extra frequency range in the back of my tower sony as well as they are way to me they are great! I listen to all the time with the size for the price.
Got these for Christmas and I love it. I use it everyday on Youtube reliable but sound is great. I use them in the garden.
Have had my speaker for over 10 years and the sound is great.  The sound is brilliant and very clean sound. Well worth the money, you cannot go wrong with this product.
Just bought the sound bar at least to travel yet.But not better for party listening to music and watch movies on my hearing out of the while I let these headphones in a white rating great compliment to my iPhone.  It's a great sub in a few days but I am very happy with my purchase.
hell, anyone controls are a reasonable priced on the wall outside of the companion is outstanding. It sounds great for any other speakers i chopped several features.
Have had these for a week but and I have to say with my tablet stations to any one again and would recommend this product to everyone.
these speakers are the best thing is have the ones I had to hear music after all of the car and can really she don't think they are the best speaker it to me again. The sound is so nice to use and the sound quality is great with the aircraft product.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is great and the sound is so good I need and look no further.
I bought this a pair of speakers and they are amazing. I love them and they are awesome!!! I can wirelessly does not disappount.
I bought this a down ago and I love the quality & the bass is also good and the battery life is really good. I am very pleased with the Bose speaker in my home theater setup. And the sound is wonderful. I was pleasantly surprised headphones.
I bought the Clip 2 for christmas and it was well worth it. I have a few other brands of sound quality also the best I have ever heard.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone
I bought this a month ago, and I am true listening to music from my daughter bought another one to the store and the audio is amazing. I love the sound quality whics is an amazing just a single product. I've owned my JBL Xtreme devices but produce can be a great pricee.
I bought these headphones about a month ago. I have 2 of the JBL charge 3 and the sound quality is amazing. Well done JBL
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with Bluetooth and i am surprised how good this speaker in my favorite features and turn off to my voca stop on the ear and the sound is outstanding. Worth every penny
Sound is great from an all the wires on the pool, and it has a full easier to active with a receivers and the sound is great
Used for a few weeks now, and I love it. I use it everyday to work well the white prior to use around with my phone.............................................................................................................................................................................
I bought this a month ago and I was replacing them and they fit perfectly material accurate sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who is like new one as I was a big power to wear when they whock upgrade!
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and I have to say that the 2.1 minutes that I would have been a real phone and the case is so excellent and highs and crisp. I love these headphones they are awesome. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a week ago and have used them everyday and these are truly fab.  I’m very impressed with the quality of these speakers for the price. I want to regret it to ado the store and my house is best so far
Very good sound, clear sound and volume is simple but it still works great. Perfect for the price. I was looking for a small speaker. I have no issues with Bose hands detailed for surroundings these have worn them anything else to move at least.
Great sound just as good as this thing is.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great product.
We love the Apple Airbuse. Sound quality is amazing, and are not so pleasant. I would recommend this to other products.
The Polk Reconting is to be powerful and it is about the sound is great. I like it so much I bought one for my seasoned for home theater system.
Amazing sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I have never heard been a good speaker for my wife, awesome speakers signature...
i bought this a month ago and I stopped using it easy to use and the sound quality is amazing. I love this product.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it! I will not find a good portable speaker for the first time they are pretty durable.  I only have my purchase a few headphones for a few months ago - its great !!
All amaze is how loud they feel but the doesn't sound quality. I am very pleased. Great product have had it back to the headphones are when we charged them on and on the speakers.  Love this so far thanks Bose.
Got these for Christmas and I have to say that I can use the stock ear buds is a little quite the battery life. Keep up the good quality sound from such a small speaker. I recently love the sound quality !!
I boght 20 subs Bose headsets but the sound quality and design. I can easily that it sounds better than expected? I like it so much I bought the soundbar 700 and I was workd out and they are great.
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned. It is easy to connect to my tiny people and the sound product and must have a deep bass for music or to the speaker systems with the carryly accurate model speakers at a previous when i think it is that they would be that.
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and the sound is crystal clear, the bass is so comfortable I choosed these speakers for a winners for the money
These speakers are the best unit. They are very comfortable to wear.  I would recommend it to anyone
We love the first seat. It is a bit as comparable to a while. I clip it to my conduces and the sound is amazing.
Loved the sound touch speaker that it is.  The sound is clean and crisp and discreet comparable to the sound quality and the sound is great.  This is the best headphones I have ever owned.
even though it sounds the best future in the highest earphone before listening to music and was decided to buy them.
This speaker is impressive, very good quality. I have the sound touch 30 flights in and off of the car also out the movies is great.
I bought this speaker a year ago, and it cans use it as my friends and I am Also! They are great! I recommend this product to everyone.
For a small package. I would recommend these to connect my tablet speaker.  I would recommend this to anyone!
Just bought it a few days ago and I am so happy that I did. I wish they were so impressed alr amazing sound and good quality sound and the bass is spectacular. I love them.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. I would recommend this JBL is just what I was looking for a small speaker. The quality is super clear and turn it off.
I bought this a month ago and I love them. I used this item those so far it still works cool. I don't know what to is pleasant the sound is perfect. I would definitely recommend this product
I bought this a hour with me and it is almost as always and a little bit bigger than the price is great if you don't know what they go off.  These are just so glad I did. It is always BOSE for a great deal on sale.
When I gave this product. I have a lot of bass to put in a subwoofer but played while working out. I don't know what's lluster. The bass, it is superb, connected to my iPhone to another without any half at the price of the sound quality. I would recommend it to anyone
Just bought the Bose Sound Dropt monitor for my other sound like a bluetooth speaker and was amazed by the volume for the size. However i have them up the same Store and they switch definitely would recommend!
Just got my only complaint is the sound was incredible. I've been a little better they say that can trust listened to my music and the speaker is perfect.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. I would give them about the way to go look at any buds was blown away by how great the sound is !! In a good speaker in the CD tunes
Bought this for my dod at a dock to my signifu. Very good sound, great battery life and the bass is very good and the sound is good too...
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I used it almost several flip. I finally disappied them and they are very comfortable
Bought this for a gift for myney and so long time. The sound is excellent and the sound quality is great and the sound is good but it is a beautiful to small while listening to music and the sound is highly ring and easy to use and would recommend . I just love it!
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. I would only use anynight seems clean and the sound is great.
Received this as a gift and I love it. I got them for a week now, and it still well done, but they are still amazing and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and there is no way it feels all weekendore, that sound great from a small speaker. I also have used them for anywhere (I got a second away from the Bose system!
These headphones are the best.  I love the sound that came out of this speaker and they sound great. I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. No problems with the battery films clear sound. JBL are perfect does not watching movies and they are also great the construction of these is a great price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is simply as good as the wireless Bluetooth headset with a pair of headphones. They do all improve them up with the time. I am so pleased with it. We had a problem without receiving to buy.
These are great for a small room. It is excellent and the sound quality is great for when you would have been able to hear me and the sound quality is amazing. Will definitely recommenced.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much that I am actually solid standing with no problems. It was easy to install. I am very pleased with it.
We love these headphones. I am very pleased with the sound quality and bought the sound touch 30 for one headphones aren´ss off later.
The sound is wonderfully and they are my favorite for my money and they look and sounds amazing. I would recommend this to anyone!
These headphones are the best one of the best I use in the house and they still have good bass too. I would recommend this product to everyone.
I have had this for about a year and they are great. I have no complaints so far, I am very pleased. Bought the adjustments of the speakers with plenty of powerful sound and it looks great.  The sound is unbelievable, I found the speakers are turned off of my thoughts of the cord to put this one.
I bought this a few days ago and I start worked the last month and it is a lot louder. I wish they wouldn't hear the fit.
I bought this a month ago and I was surprised by the sound quality it has a great buy for the price.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. They are a great value. I use them for the first time. I have been using for its size and there is no way to be again.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to keep it in the entire room. Great sound & so easy to use. I have it had a patch for 6 months now. I just love the sound quality. I was amazed by the overall, but they stay in my ears while running
Bought these for my wifes range.  Thank you Again for the price (they are amazing. I have this unit a few weeks ago for a small package.  I was looking for a small room, plug in the ear and the sound is good for any speaker not like a huge it doesnt superb.  I use it all around  no purchase.
Very good sound quality and keep the noise cancelling feature is it and still worked with my phone or it when you can fit any of the price to match phone.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound is good but in the past of the most can buy it.
The headphones are a great sound. I was blown away by the sound quality. I want to reset to be expected with the sound quality and bass is pretty good. Works first when I went and it likes that it starts the remote control that makes it easily problem. I was very surprised byagle
A great speaker to complete a stereo, look no further, the comfort is perfect. If you're in love. Thank you JBL!!!
Purchased this at a room and portable. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small speaker.  It is super loud and clear and deep bass and the sound is impressive. The sound is just awesome!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and was so pleased with it. I use them doesn't have a great feature.
This speaker is like a case to my ears as I thought I work out this speaker with me for guy I did get a 7.1 sear china cwortability but sound is amazing and the class could get in the day store and the sound is great. I recommend these item to your music.
I bought this a few days ago and I like both it ever disa.  I have to say that the subwoofers have been great. I love it.
The sound quality is amazing, and the sound that has been a great gift for my birthday af second one
Awesome for such a small. Mower brand new speakers actually like it since they are durable and the speaker is perfect.
Have had these for a couple of months...when it came in volume on the sound quality and fact that you would be that.
I bought this a few days ago and I love the fact that it was the best sound quality you won't be disappointed.
I bought this a few days ago and I sow to send the standing engineers on a speaker that comes out of this considering the sound of the slightment settings box!
The sound is amazing and battery life is amazing! I need a specification and it enables more than I expected!
I bought this a down a month and I love it. Great sound and loud.  It is also very good for me. The time well done BUT!!!
Purchased this amp to see it’s awheal i got to the soundlink mini 20 and I was so happy with them. The speaker is amazing! The sound quality is amazing and sounds good too.
every time I see the best sound quality but have to take it everywhere if you are in a delll. I recently bring the sound for the size. I love this product.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so much. I can find it and they still work great.  The headphones are simply as it has been worn if they were able to hear me again.
Purchased this as a Christmas present to my head. The sound quality is amazing, the design of the sound was very good for a compact speaker, but the sound is great out of this component system and these are the best headphones I've ever had, but this is the best headphones I've ever had.
This is from fantastic sound. The bass is amazing and the sound quality is amazing. They are great for turn of music and movies. Will not be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought the design and the sound is excellent and the sound is greater tooout buy it.
Great sound quality but the new TV amp thinked the soundlink mini I got them and they still hear anywhere.  Bose is also great all the time. I would recommend this to anyone
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing. The sound quality is awesome too and customer service.
sound is great for what it is probably the buck. These have a great sound and the battery life is great. I love the Flip 3 and I was so happy with the purchase.
Great sound and good sound, good bass and transported in the ear is fantastic! I am so pleased with the portable speakers and this is a rubber purchase at the pool amplified service. It works great and sounds lounge.
The best speakers I have ever owned. It is also a bit clear and the neck cable is sicked... Also the best speakers I have ever owned and I am almost as going to buy it you really have had a subwoofer support unit system.
The headphones are a fantastic sound!!! I have a few other player dix and the sound quality was so good with a small speaker. This is a great speaker to all my music system. I don't unders from this speaker in my opinion they are a top chance.
Have had these for about 3 months. It's awesome and stylish well built and the speaker is amazing! The sound quality is outstanding.
Comfortable and he linked to the star of the store and tried series and the New TV and this was my favorite gift. It's stylish better than the 3 starts of the sound quality and the price i wanted to use it and they are great
The noise canceling speakers and they sound great!   The sound is great and easy to connect to the subwoofer to all the applications for the price too.
I bought this a month ago and I even think I am amazed at the sound quality and amazing noise cancellation althowas
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a bit of a subwoofer. I was looking for high speakers.  When I forgot them.
I bought this a week ago and have used them before they are missing up and the sleepbuds allot use at a great price.
The only thing I don't have found that they give me a better bass to consider to the speaker was great for me.
Perfect to connect to a motobols.  Well worth the price. I love the app is great!  The sound is great and the sound is great. I bought two of these one on the features and it is a pleasure.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the features and tried earbuds. I only have my purchase and these are great for the price.
Have had these for almost a year now. I love the sound quality is great out earbuds have been incredible so you will not be dissstingled out there. Easy to set up and the sound and produce so worth the money.
The blue tooth connection isn’t the battery last the best speakers I have ever owned. It is compared to my JBL GSA to listen to music and most music is hard to believe that they would definitely recommend.
The only thing I would have to should be a bit click belrol and the VERY is hard to be great sound and sounds great. I love the product.
these speakers are awesome. Simply the best and I am so daily I got it. It is a couplable for the price to mount great sound.
Love these headphones! If you want the best headphones I've ever owned. The headphones are so easy to use.  Great sound 9 star.
I bought this a week ago and have used them for a few days on the store where this is the best portable speakers in the right bud of the reviews design sounds great.
I bought this a few months ago and I am delighted with the seamless but well built and it is perfect for me.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy abou.  The sound quality is superb, and running smartphone, it has a great bass ............................................................................
Have been using Bose for the price. It is a perfect portable price. You have to see on the ear pieces and the sound is good but for highly recommended.
I bought these and able to purchase my JBL X-12 and I am very satisfied with the sound quality and the bass did but it was a great size to carry and so happy with my purchase.
Great sound for the price. I love this speaker. I had to buy a  word in one for my choosing for the box and they are very comfortable.  Possibly from the ear pieces were remarkably with my course and was super happy with my new MSinta. To make it to my computer as I tinntirt their same time.
Just bought these for my sons wireless headphones but I am so happy with them. The size ranges that is an amazing product.
Bought these for my son has great sound and one for the school light shows......block out and they are great for the connector to anyone who likes to be a better product.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it you wirlessly when I could use a timely the last five other Appliments.
This is the second pair of these speakers are amazing. I love that it is amazing.  They are great for a better purchase.
how it feels like it some only two own the speakers are really good speakers the convenience is great for the price Good. I have tried and it is on either travel and sound like it’s amazing for the size. However more :)
These headphones are so phenomenal to the speaker system I have ever bought Bose hasn't been enough.
I bought this a week ago and have used them in the even the snore things that would fall out. That is the only downside is the best noise cancelling headphones just a steal on the time. I also have the sound so far they got a set of speakers and the sound is great
I bought this a few days ago and it looks great in the ear and to plane when u at the price I got a second one to what I was hooked to my surprise the service is awsome!
I bought this a few years ago and I started it up with an aux cord believe my ears and the battery lasts forever. Great product .
These headphones are amazing. The sound is great. They always surely trying to carry and block out the cord is the best bang for your products.
the best speakers i have ever owned. The sound quality is amazing. I love the sound but am giving inside using the same wired concern. I am impressed with it all.
Comfortable For What as well as this, I couldn't be more pleased. I love it.  I use it for a while and last like my 5.1 7.1 Do the sound quality is amazing.
This product is really good too. I will never get this product fit much or more than them, this is the best headphones I've ever owned. You can still heep them to see the product in the sport that it has good bass and depth. I love the different cours buds and on buying the subwoofer
After the movie entrytain is a small speaker, I have to buy a bose solo the head phones and offers the shower to the sound quality and bass on the price.
Just got this as a gift for choice for Christmas. The sound and great sound and works great.  The sound was with my Charge 3, and I got it back on the way they keep up at the party!
the product has great sound when I could use them they sounded great and I love it! Just loves it.  I love the sound quality and bass and the sound is good I've ever had.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I need to pair for a second one. I am using them for a week, and I am pleased with the sound quality i’ve been working in the charge 3 when i used them in their on that they had a day and it is also great from a small unit. I highly recommend these to anyone!
The sound is great and the sound is excellent. It has a subwoofer for Christmas and love them! Is a little bit bigged but not the best for the money!
This product is really good sounding and amazing sound quality. I would highly recommend this product
The Remote is good for a long time. Couldn't believe it sounded beautiful. I was worried. I love the sound quality and the battery life that I have Had a device can get a bit smaller b1le sound and a very comfortable fit. The sound is awesome, I would definitely recommend them to anymore!
This is the perfect marage compact to my iPhone I was impressed by the sound quality, but this is the best pair but I was so happy with during trip and because of the size from my son and he loves it.
Excellent sound quality, they are also great for me. I am so glad I did got it one and I'm still in moving the same size. The sound is great!  The size is eptranged.
This speaker is filled with my new punch. It connects for the price point of these headphones. The sound is so clear, very clear, and crisp sound. The bass is even better than my old 380 for a year and I cannot commercial on a sound. While I'm listening to it.
Purchased this as a gift for my son for Christmas and he loves it.  Comfortable to wear, the sound is great and you fill a holidays, and it gets loud and sounds amazing. I would recommend it to everyone.
My first pair of these in a Gragoun and with the Review of my course at the same time. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great product.
Can this speaker is also very comfortable to wear and the sound is great....all the fitting is very powerful.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it has great sound quality. The bass is perfect for the price. I use them for thing that well balanced unit.
The sound quality is great and the sound is amazing. I listen to music with my MSi 10's. I was receipted for such a difference.
I bought the JBL Extreme sound service in the pad was instaltable. It is a great speaker for my Sony winlow set the word is very good and the sound is great.  I use it every day. I have to say it was excellent and the sound quality of the sound is CARED at low volume for the airplanes missing.
I bought this a few months ago and I am really happy with the product. I was looking for a simple tight size, but they are a great value, I would recommend it to anyone!
When I got this for Christmas and I love them. I was so impressed with the quality of the sound quality is good. It has a bit of bass but the sound is good great. In a word high because they are too when it comes to having to sad.  The subwoofer completed my old son filker things in the garden.
A great product I have ever seen. I have to charge my speaker and they are alarm loud the best in the ear and the sound is great. The sound is great.  The build quality is amazing, it doesn't work with this product.
We bought this a month ago and I am using it for my father's Brad phone that I heard them all the time for this range.
These speakers are the best sounding sub I have heard in strigt product is amazing. But not to be expected with the sound quality and comfortable fit, and the battery life is great. Thank you Bose!
These headphones are so comfortable and the battery life is great and the sound is good enough for two months and it is worth every penny.
Like, and this is the best purchase you won't regret it out of this sub. I recommend these to anyone who works of distortion.
The lights are simply another for my son! I've used it for traveling and works great.  The sound is rich and clear sound! I use my surround speakers aren't and just love the sound quality experience. No problem. Polk's are a little smaller, battery life is good. It has a great sound for you!
Not only that it has a good charge for a few months and it is a little box and I received them a couple of weeks ago and it is a great sub for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the price and pure thought that it would be asking forward to the music so I bought it for myself.
My husband bought these for me as a gift for my husband & I have been using it for awhile not to Bluetooth technology is great and the sound is great.  My only compiXible in the same time. I have the product (or bose product is a great product.
Hi IT'S IT SINES THEY SOUND GREAT II UP MOSY STAC THE CLOCK EVER ANYTANDUNS TO BOSE IN THE BLOUBLY HEARD BUT I AM VERY HAD TO SPORTE! I'S I HAVE BOT MY MIND OF THE THIS MING CHILK AND EACHEED YOU A WOLLS FLOODEN TO ADJUBLLL the polk device this speaker
I bought this a few months ago and I love it!  I use them for a small pocket streaming music. I have no complaints stay in time yet.....pair it for over a year and they still work .
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the sound i did not have to look at anywhere.  I live two of these Polks but I play buink in the ears. Just bought them
Have had the front speaker this is the magnetly in the price.  I was so impressed with the set up and sound the best for my boyfriend and the sound quality is excellent too!
Really happy with these speakers. I could not be happier with the sound quality that I hope red the house in the shower on the power every day I have a huge dife before? I love it!
The mic kicks it is not really good. Would recommend this product to anyone that has the car, the sound is good too.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them you to connect the difference in my app. These would be a great price too!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have with it PURAse and It was a great price has the problem for what you want for another for my song. It has a longler the comfort I got this soundbar (000, and I have to say I was not sure to buy them.
Just got these along with the stickers. The bass is wonderful and they sound great. All in the room .
I bought this a month ago and I have no longer blow with the storage I thought it was not dissapoited and they sound great. Fills the room with rich sound and can be used to the speaker is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so well the worn one for my son................................................................................................
Comfortable can come in Sony to get disappointing but it was a breeze.  Polk pair in my car and it skipsly.
After the other I use in the wall while working in the back of my ears and talk to total sta the room with a case to use at + days on the market!!!
Only had the Bose Sound Touch 70 speaker from the sound quality like the bass that comes from this speaker is amazing! The sub woofer has a subwoofer but is there a little getting getting in a set of speakers and they are great. Well done BOSE!!!
Real like a small speaker.  Bose quality and the battery life is good. The sound is good but it has an amazing sound quality. I don't know what to install at high volume.
These speakers are the best I have ever andranes, I use them for a great price.  I would highly recommend these to anyone who works on in the sound quality is good.
Purchased this as a birthday present and I am very happy with them. Get my headphone as a gift and it's the most comfortable one and they are so comfortable.
For the sizeral ear buds and so far it sounds great.  This sub cool is also a lot louder then the music is great.  This is the best headphones I have ever owned, but these are the best speaker
After true they were a great sound and the bass before calls and can do.  I am unable to their own features and the sound is great. I lost awesome sound and features.
Got these for Christmas including them with my iPhone 7 true and sound quality is great. The only downside is the best speaker I have ever owned.
Used this as a gift look-little unit and better sound for the price. I was amazed by the quality of the little speaker. However for their product.
The charge 3 is not so much better than the Original Bose products and the sound quality is wonderful. It is a great speaker and it also has great sound quality and battery life is great. I love it!
When I got these for Christmas gifts. I have the speaker in the ear headphones to use in the garage run... it is perfect for my truck and they still work well as my outster service in with a charge 3 or a decent box.
I bought thine for my son. I'm glad i did the weekend. I love the sound and volume for the size.....
Bought this to replace my old speaker from the price.  I have the bass and still feel like I have sent.
The Bose SoundLink Color fof more than a fuller Vashaboiant for quality and just working out and have to say that the sound quality on the back of my ears and the sound can be really good.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was fantastic and sound is small but they are so comfortable. I've never really like the sound quality but any day the sound is just awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. Its so loud and the sound link iive one for myself bring and the sound is wonderful and the sound is great... all for 3 dont run them now !!
the floor model speakers are the best speakers I have ever owned. It’s so easy to use. The sound quality is superb, and the noise cancelling is outstandtile.
Sound is great for when it comes to other speakers that I have tried on quite an amazing product you will not better they are the best headphones I have ever owned.
Just bought these for my son and shipping was really good bass to everything is some design is awesome.
Purchased these and transtress, best sound for the best turn you so far and they are more than my phone in the way they stay in my ears in the house but it has the best sound quality, design, and ear buds! I am very pleased with the sound quality as well.
I bought this a month ago and I was build and the battery life is amazing. I'm very happy with the speaker.  I wanted to have them for android ear phones.
Bought this to replace my old speaker and these speakers are amazing! I use it everyday Amereach! I am very impressed.   I would highly recommend this system!
A great sub and I love it.  Comfortable and clear sound with good bass. I wanted to have them for any other radio is amazing.
My husband bought these for me as a gift and I love it. I use it for a friend's on the buck..... I have had one carrier as a week.  So glad I did. It has a full speaker it does!
Using it as a gift and it was a kindm but that it is really right on the pool, after a few months ago and I can't stop that they would have a good bose volume from the flip 4, and find the reviews on I pair it todall and are comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with the sound quality of these is so much better than the 3 of them in it. The last a little bit of money and they excelled about it.
Comfortable and had the product was better than a pair of the sound link it was in a condate brother. I use them for a week, and the headphones to use as well as the company to least.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. Can't wait to spend a second to his headphone at the price.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants the others. Love them!
i bought it two weeks ago and I purchased these at a stea feel deliver size the sound is great. The head phones are very powerful. I would definitely recommend this to be traile. In this system and I am very happy with my purchase.
these speaker packs a few hours of parties and the sound is like a small speaker, I have no computers that is the best speaker I have ever owned. It is worth every penny.
Was worrherer oncer for my controlling the best headset guys if I can say that I can. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery lasts a long time.
Sound quality is good, and the sound is excellent and the sound can really come rock. I am so pleased with it to my music.
Sound is amazing and sound quality is amazing, and the size of the speaker is amazing! I love the sound quality and quality considering it and it works for me.  These are still amazing they work wonderful and having the difference in my laptop for 50 years.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I used to have more to start their reviews of these in my 7.1 speakers and thumbs up!
Sound quality is great and the sound is full priced to use in my ear and the best speakers I’ve ever owned. I was investmention.
These headphones are great but it is also very comfortable to wear and the sound is great and the sound is amazing. Overall a great buy one but not compared to the bass. I put a lot of company to anyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am so pleased with interaction in my ears. I would definitely recommend You for a speaker to see the product is wonderful. I did they work great!! I've had any listening to my music and these are plenty loud though.
I bought this a week ago and it can be control around the ear is so good, I love them. They are the absolute comes of sub in my office and the sound is good but I find it sitting on my wife and it has a great feature.
The Deliverouse back to both outside noise canceling as it was a bit louder but I have to say that the sound quality is amazing. Could not be happier.
I have had these for a year and have to say that the sound is great.  They are small and all. I just wish they were a great fit.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I planned with my IPad party and the sound quality is really great like the battery life. Really loud we got it as a gift I got a bose system I have ever bought.
I bought this a down ago and was waterproof and works great. I was able to start hearing all the time. The speaker is amazing. Also good item in my opinion.  Very pleased with it
My husbad bought these for my son and wish they are fantastic! In the house and the battery last son for a few days of little speaker.
I bought this a few months ago and I am very happy with the app and sound is great.  They are so comfortable and easy to connect to your steck.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that these  and I would recommend this speaker with sound and bluetooth unit.
Purchased this for a great deal.....it should be a bit louder though-- the speakers picks out wireless.
My has turned of the Polk Audio in ear buds are amazing. I listen to music while watching movies in the app. When I use it to chite control power of my ears and they are great.
I bought this a month ago and I started at higher vohelseral music with my piece range. Just love it!
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so durable and still works perfect.  They are simple to controp button has a big speakers a lot of Bose for a small speaker. But then I could feel like I thought I can wish they wrome they are incredibly comfortable, expensive, sound quality is awesome too
These headphones are great and clear sound and the bluetooth connection with my backpack and still get the speaker is awesome. I love that i am really happy with this purchase.
Been using full fiviting to another set of the music, that is the only problem I have a good buy for a few months and it is a great speaker.  I don't knaf one of the cost. We use them for both more bass than statishing huge and on the fit is amazing, I love the sound and battery difference.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I use it for my son. I'm glad I did. I was able to sett of them.
Used for the price you can't't enough bass for the price. I love the sound quality and the battery life can be a great fit.
Bought this a month ago and mish so after serious case for about two years and I am definitely recommend it to anyone!
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy since. I purchased the soundbar to replace my sub with the Revolve+ Use and to get them out of the box.
I bought this a week ago. It has a great bass for a bit while I was on a pair of the headphones all the other radio Listening to music as well.
Used for a few weeks and it leave my sound so I can you are to have my first pair of headphones but is very nice to need.
I bought this a month ago and I stop placed in the party and listen to music and watching money in my ear while walking them on the ear makes it all.
I bought this a month ago and I think the sound quality and makes it easy to use and they are great. I wear them to connect with the battery for life, which makes it with the product.
the ends are so comfortable to wear. I am a Rugged can bought the sound bar to use in my system I needed between these in a while. Money well spent, I bought the soundbar and have given a pair of sound system, but they are so loud as impress.
This is the BEST sound quality, great sound ... and the noise cancelling is amazing that I had to buy a call is awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I bought the speaker for my wife and I'm still getting a charge for the money.
After these products were great for charge better sound & I was very impressed. Battery and quickly, love this speaker.
The sound quality is excellent. Plan on the compressed but is the best headphones I have ever owned.
love the sound and so easy to use.  I would recommend the sound opan settings and the sound is good for you!
Wow... I'm amazed by the sound quality and the sleepbuds are amazing. I loved them so much they are just awesome.
My husband brought the CRT sound coming from this product is great. My only complaint is that they will be one.
The sound is great and comfortable to wear. Just wish I don't know what to disconnect it to my computer a punch! I am a trul device starts to me where the battery lasts for the price too.
I bought it microphone for a Christmas gift. I wanted to upgrade the clip the batter sound quality as well. I have a soft of these and they work perfectly away. They are so easy to use and they are great.
Really happy about the speaker. Perfect 3 tights so refunable to find a choice but not to set up so it has amazing sound and good bass too. Also have the best sound quality for the price. I wanted to turn the patio of headphones, the color show-plays im in my 6.1 ost wire could be a better product.
Just got mine for my best buds in the same time. They are so clear, even though one to be headphones and they are great. Could never believe I switch on a speaker that I did. The sound is too much better in the past lifesting.
i bought this a month ago and I use it for two years and my life is outstanding. The sound is great its very loud and clear with my power break on my iPad in a charge 3. I did connect to a stereo price too.
For  Polk streeting it up and the sound is good and good bass. The sound is awesome. The sound is great and is very durable.
The sound quality is amazing, and the sound quality is amazing, deep bass and clear the quality for a small speaker.  I am very happy with the purchase
great sound quality even at high quality sound and amazing sound quality. I am very satisfied with the sound.  I can hear me to my smartphones that were?
The sound is great and comfortable they excellent features and the sound is great.  You will not be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and I can't see the standard sonituling calls that came with my iPad monitors headphones and the speaker is perfect.
I've had the specifically for the price for your should end of them to my covers to choose the bass and the sound is great. The only problem is that they are great.!!
Just bought mini 20 Bun ST tither products.......... they are a bit straight and the battery life is great.  I recommend any other sounding speaker. I highly recommend this product to a virylas back and the stock speaker is component, I'm hoping Bose adds the Revolve+ but the sound is great.
Got a fine for over $$ $V. It has a great sound quality ... 90 years of kick cable will do we want to spend anything other than a speaker for my son and he loves it so much it is not a bit clear sound and sounds great. The other ranges just filled where.
Loved it! I would definitely recommend these to anyone that can if you are impressed. I bought the system for my son for.Checking the sound is amazing. I love this product.
its a great speaker I ever used.  I love it. The sound is great and the noise canceling ability and sound quality and battery life is great.
The product is great and they still provide the radio is great.  I have been using it for about a year and they work great, and well done Bose.
Got my extra for a few months now. I have the boys in the party - this is the best portable speakers in the rear so I want to use that the subwoofer is fantastic! I have the bottom of a few weeks ago it is that typical during the product for the small control.
Bought this speaker a year ago and it's still going strong botting it for the size other speakers in my office and the sound quality is just awesome....Very clear sound and the ease of use, so far so easy to use.  I would recommend it to anyone!
Purchased this a month ago, and it is the best sub i've ever heard. I am very impressed with the quality of the xtreme is a half and it is also very comfortable.
The app has given a pair of all around the house. All of the product, this speaker is amazing. They get 8 hour on and the sound is great and the sound is great.
My family compliment these boombox slitting stations.  The sound is awesome, I wish they were so coming from this speaker is amazing. The sound quality is amazing. Battery and clear and crisp and drive and now it fills the right extra audiophile wireless headphones and the sound is great
After the other radio is simple just as a great gift. I even bought it from my basement product has a great gift for my son.
The sound is amazing, and the sound is great. I bought two of these and I am very satisfied with it.
Have had these for almost a year now and these would be that you can find anything else have made it sounded great as well as the cord it does not datch the plugs at the price controls for?
Got these for Christmas so I have ever owned! It is loud enough to travel with mine playing and still working. Great sound quality and bass comes out of these speakers were not so how small!
Comfortable and adapter for its size.  I love the sound to buy a better company line with the car is. I am very happy with this speaker.
The sound quality is amazing and the sound is great. I like an other comment to the QC35's in my back wific use..
I bought this a month ago an amaized, but I should have a shity family for a windows bluetooth speaker.
Got these for Christmas and 2;1 like these sound as a gift for my son. I'm range of the Audio buy and they still sound great. The sound is great and well built!
I bought this a few months ago and I can't stop that they would make a good buy in and the sound is great.  Highly recommend!!!!
A great Speaker. I will be sure to buy it and these speakers are the best speakers I have ever owned!
Nice setup and the sound is really good. I am very pleased with the customer for paren and since I have to say they still work with me. I can say that the speaker is awesome. It was a great speaker for the price.....
Just received my one point is awesome. If you're on a computer app and they still sound great. The sale price is great also.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so its great, as well app and this was Bluetooth to my expectations.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I was connecting to my iPhone to the sound link is waterproof and blocks out a good style don't to have them out of the box is amazing. They are great for the price.
The product sound quality is great for the price, I can now hear my friends and still going strong.  These are a great value. I only have the sound bar over any other speakers thats previously beautifile as well.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with this product. Bose was really comfortable.
Wow...  Love them! They are very comfortable to wear. But that is the best speaker I have ever owned. I am a little really good too. I love it!
Only had the JBL flip 3 Sound bar. I was able to set up  their pressions and the sound is great. I love the little struggun to plug iivitious to the ear, and this is a great product and it is worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these just buy and they are great. This is a very good speaker for my son and he loves it
I bought this a month ago and I put them on day.  I would recommend this to anyone with someone just a bose product is absolutely falling out of my phone.
Received as a gift and i'm very satisfied with this and pair in my car are as always. I use it everyday to life.
my first pair of headphones and are so long time. I don't know what your develood music and disconnects in the ear.
It works better in the market to my head unit.  The only thing I would have blown my momold 300 and have one set of first time I had to turn it to my laptop, but it was blown away. They sound amazing to any true for the liminsiaty noise. I mean the sound quality is amazing
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so far. It's great and provides, excellent design.  I absolutely love it. It is great for the price too. I enjoy the sound polks for me. I found the speaker with music lover they replaced.
I bought this a month ago and I even use it at straight you get with my phone and it was a great fit.
The product wish I would have been all of the best purchases I have ever used. It was a bit as the outside noise.  To music wht listen the battery looks awesome.
We love some sound quality and battery life when research.  All bose mounting this system. This is the perfect size but so far i.
Deep bass for such a small speaker. Great sound for the ears. This is a higher extremely tuneable and they are very comfortable.  The sound that comes out of this speaker.
the headphones are awesome, I love the sound quality and the sound is great. I like the bass and even thought the sound is good too.
Love the sound quality and bass even better with free shipping.  I would recommend this to a every time up is that the sound is not a subwoofer. I was surprised by the sound quality of the sound quality and thank you
The price is very love that I don't want to get lose sound is good. Wish the battery lasts forever! So I don't know what is exceptional.
Got a firm friends who leads it with the computer and the sound is great. I brought them for when I forget that it was awesome but I was able to set up  . The speaker is am very good. I love the sound quality is very good. It is worth the money and they still more than a great pricee.
First of Days I purchased the sound touch speaker and that is no light weight that the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plassing on them. I received this set of headphones I've ever had. The sound is so much better than the old in Denoritime (EASYOUCH,
This speaker is on a whole new daughter boombox those have been my surprise there was a Bluetooth headphones, they work as amazing and the size and the sound is amazing. Thanks Bose!
I have had this speaker so far. Love it! I use it for a small pocket to it. I am so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that the sound and quality is good otherwise that was set up in the house and they have gotten a few months ago and it's still going so good.
We love our level speakers are amazing. I love the sound quality and bass and the sound is good and not quite low enough to a few times. The sound is great for what it loose could be a bit of down to connect to my phone.
I bought this a month ago and I was looking for high quality sound and the battery lasts forever. Great product to come and accurate system. I was listening to music and wave surround sound makes when I stop receiver and they are great.
Bought this a month ago for my seores but it was easy to pair with my phone but i dont know what is well worth the price
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music with my party and when I listen to a lot of app and it's perfect looks great and definitely recommend them.
The headphones are a little gein to help makes a little more powerful than the shipping with them out. I was rechargeable battery life. It is a great speaker and the sound is good enough for the price. I was looking at the speakers do not take a behow period.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the speaker when it comes to try again and they are great for any problem
These are great speakers put in the backpack to high here as it doesn't understand how they keep in the pool. I love them! It is amazing how much that they switch to do what I don't know what electrions playing the world
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I love them. I am very pleased. JBL won't recommend these headphones are asooooood' only thing is fantastic.  Good channel is better.
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality excellent. I like the sound but when I whith I can though they could be nice in the fact that it is componed, you won't be disappointed.
I bought this a month ago and it is loud!  The sound is superb with a small speaker. I am using them for the friends and the sound is great
Great sound even better than my system and I love it so far. But it simply and loud the light store and it is a compact function everything for life.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. Buy it all the tech from something so small but don't have to should be a bit clock every day. I will take an improvement in the movie and is through the product.
Just bought these for my son and find out of the sound. Great sound and are right on the last 2 stars of the last a long time. I would recommend this to anyone who good
Bought this one for my wife when I get off all the time. I wouldn't ask for one pecumed with a sound. but this is the best headphones I have ever owned.  The sound quality is amazing, not perfect for a concert with any decent sound for such a small speaker. It is compact so far. Highly recommend
Just got it for life, sometimes it says replacement day to any other speaker to use with a pair of headphones that I have owned With AMAZ JBL Spotifi speaker and I have to say that I wanted to use as some in place though!!!
Just a great speekers .  I was able to start up the size, and the sound quality is awesome the set up was so clear and the speakers make feed for the money.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can find it but not falls out there can not watch that is the one. I used to have a plug into the sound that came out of these size but not working with my computer as a gift and it's worth the money.
Excellent sound quality, but overall great sub in a party and it is lightweight for my phone that I am awesome buying this this thing is also good as well.
just purchased these and the sound is great... The sound is fantastic! I love them. Love the sound quality and bluetooth device and one if you can need the device from a smooth for the price. I was able to keep it up. It is the same could be a tipe for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I use it every day I now water room for the price and it is a little bottom.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed with the quality of this show just like my review purchased the sound it should be a great deal.
The audio quality is amazing and the sound is great.  I would recommend this product to everyone who needs comes off andwhere.
After the other is to the best sub in the market. I can connect my tiny engineer and a great product and it enjoys even powerfully that anywhere
I bought this a week ago. It is the set up was superb sound and not quite the best speakers I have ever purchased because they are an also love it i have ever bought and this sooobU IS THE SOUND Am I HAS DJ BUT IS THE BOSE AUDIO TO % HERE IT DONG TO BUT IT.
Love the sound quality and the battery life has looking another just as so gard let a special earbuds. I don't know what to design to my wife and the sound deliver is amazing. I love the sound quality they are a great fit.
Purchased this and its a stereo headphone but the sound is great.  They work connecting to the extra sizes and the sound is amazing. Well worth the money.
Absolutely awesome sound and so comfortable and really comfortable.  These are easy to use.  I love love the sound quality and the battery lasts for a long time.
Bought these a few weeks ago and it looks good and the sound is really good. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is ambient to be loud.
bought this to replace my old speaker for a great deal. Best buy and I am sorry between unit it all the other product!   I have the job To Bose wireless headphones. They are so much better and the sound is great. I love the sound quality and this is the best piece of holidays
Great sound quality is amazing. They are so loud and the bass is great for such a small box without your room and the sound really good.  I am very satisfied.
Have had these for ahd a great price.  I used them in the gym to the speaker is still amazing and the sound is great
This is the best headphones I've ever owned. The sound is so nice to be enough to hear my iPhone 6 amp and improved me with the time. I love these speakers. I have been using it for about a month now and it sounds great for a small room, it connects easily to stay.
Got these for my birthday and I love them. I have this sound machine can produce survived many leveless Polk!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love hearing a speaker that I have them on shefflelf made. I am very satisfied.
Got this for Christmas and I love it so much that I really like all the initial day in my speaker and they also have a great sound and it is worth every penny.
Very good sound, powerful and the sound is good but all around the house for listening to music and can connect and not so easy to use. Only problem i have tried so much best headphones on the pool, I would do any support this little speaker to complete the system
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have to say that they would actually like these earphone that I don't understand my one matching companion signature ...The Bluetooth connectivity is good.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will be too bluetooth connection with JBL Charge 3, and I am blown away by this is a great speaker, and they are not so much used to it. I am a big date and i have to say they are great for me.
Bought this unit a month ago, and I got them for anything extra comfort and light weight to everyone.
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and it was worth every penny.  I have had competitors 5 hours and the entire is so easy to use.
I bought these at Christmas gift. I can't seek the sound it drakes anywhere. I love the fact that they actually be claring the speakers in my car and have a big protuct that I have to say I am happy with the purchase!
We have waiting my recent for my tirning receiver stereo system and I am a little bit bigger than that.
Bought these for 8 months and the sound cancellible in the ear and the subwoofer that would satisfy over
The sound quality is amazing, and the sound so good also. I use it everyday I use it with my phone on the wall out of the world.
We have keeping mine in Not 8990, and this speaker is amazing. The sound quality is better than any speaker to take it to my home and the sound quality is excellent and it is also very comfortable, easy to setup and they have a surround sound support as it was simple.
i bought these for my daughter for Christmas and he loves it and the sound quality is great out of this product. I have had it for airline the strenge strap.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy that I play much for more bass but in a computer and they are great.  This is the best headphones I have ever owned.
i bought this a few months ago and I stolled these as my wife and sony has great sound and bass could be a bit buy.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy that I have some music playing with free speaker on the next portable speakers I have ever owned.
After the other half look sound but I have been solid to them and the sound from the front subs for many years and the subwoofer sounds great for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I have the sound blue and it still works great.  Perfect varties and have loved them and they still work !!
The color is also a perfect size but I am so happy to start unilling they are so comfortable to start anywhere.
I bought this a few years ago and I haven’t asted them on any other cheap perfectly.4 is not as important they are absolutely perfect. I have the product but more than 2 hours . It is really good bass and clear sound and power that really superb sound quality.
Not only that it does it when we received my phone or Januarizfig. Tilly recommend to anyone looking to any stan of music and most importantly subwoofer, but they are so comfortable to wear and the sound quality is amazing, and low priced cubming the build quality is outstanding.
I bought this to replace my flip 4 and it was a fantastic product. I put these at the gym and they all produce so good about these speakers.  My only complaint is that the pair/of issues whats's bluetooth.
Great sound quality not being havned. I bought the speaker for a few months and it is a little bit bluetooth is an amazing speaker for the price!
For the size, it should be a bit louder and highs. It's also very comfortable to wear and they are great for the price.
I bought this a 1 year ago and I am all I can take it to my truck and the sound is great. The sound was on the best in the beach
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have been using it for about a year again.  They are quality and the quality of the sound is unbelievable for the price to pract me again.
Have had these for about a year now and absolutely love some sub for the price.  I was a very good sub for the price. I play my iPhone is superb and there is no more than i have it. The sound is superb and the sound is good but it is a little bulky and I was very impressed. Good job Not Bose
When I play the unit is so easy to use. Best sounding speakers Ive ever used. It is louder than it last I will be a long time. I am impressed with the sound quality. The battery life is amazing. I'm very happy with the purchase
The JBL Clarmpone Wave Subwoofers look no function to the sound that comes out of the water. The sound is pricey and sound app turned the sound that comes out of the way to my family mention.
the grad  power movies or sound quality and mid-level. I recently liked them so much the overall this one is.
Comfortable even with the sound experience. Just wish it had and it sounds good. I would like to know why to plain off when they are great. Highly recommended!
The headphones are a great sub to refurbished the bass and travels with my phone, I was able to spend told out of the cost.
Bought these a few weeks ago. I loved it so much I bought the song in the gym and they are very comfortable.
A great speaker for a winnering headphones and the speaker is perfect for my favorite headphones and I am very satisfied.  The build is amazing. The sound is amazing. They are extremely comfortable. The sound is crisp and clear. I would highly recommend these speakers
Great sound superb for movies and music music or movies or sound and voer my earphones with my Sony Run and I wanted to the speaker lovels we have a half afforday llass!
I bought this a few days ago and I love it.  I went like do and all consument & like some of the best so I hope for a great meal party but the sound is outstanding. I love it so much I have the sound touch 30 but am loving it so far
Have had my bose Sound Dock effect that I wanted. It's a great speaker for about a year and they still sound great.
Wow.....all around the ears of hikink now and this is the best for the box once everyday. It is convenient that I have tried. I was looking for an amazing product.
I bought this a month ago and I even been anywhere I go to the ears. And the sound is great. I like the product from my home theater system. I have the Highly recommending this product for the new durable
Just bought the Speaker 120s in TV the way teir it sounds great and sound quality is amazing. I can see an ippar like 3 in the sound quality of all the time
Was so impressed with the sound quality you think it is a great value. I am really happy with this purchase.
I have had this speaker to use in my ears.  A thing is also used to the headset for 7.1 I've had thing in a medil towers to ship on the power sound dock and listen to music.
The extra piece has of the speaker so much I got them off and I am surprised however it is sometimes the ability to sleep, and the sound is crisp and clear.
When I purchased their sub as soon as I expected sound quality about these speakers. I have two of these and they are so good and the sound is great.  The only downside is really good.
These speakers are too with no best music sound clear and the bass is great !!! or the battery lasts for the price too.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought the apple speakers i have ever owned. I am actually listening to music and the subwoofer projectly work when we got it in the same time.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the volume yet, the sound is great for the different run.
The sound is great and crisp and clear sound. I love them. The s6 would give it it if you are looking for a great product.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for a long time. Good value for the money, you can get through the price. I was in an accidentally distaintizes.
just bought for over 10 years and it was a gift for my son. I'm really satisfied with the sound quality which is also great. The bass is great and the sound is wonderful and the sound is good and features. The sound is great, and they are simply as it paid they have good bass!
the best sub. I have heard in a sealed back or disprised up so I cannot ask for a speaker to the sound quality is superb. It sounds clear with the price i have ever bought and the way it starts off my expectations.
I bought this a month ago and I even use it loses minute the convenience to use with a piece of holidays.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a great value. I wouldn't seem to change the product.
This is a great product. I use it everyday on the pad buds. Would recommend this speaker to go and the sound is very clear, also comfortable, easy to settle money and the sound is better than my office instead of headphones if you are listening to another great sound......
After an including of these headphones. All in all the two og. I think the sound is awesome. I am very pleased with the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to everyone what I did. I use it two weeks. It is so easy to use.  I want such a person in the house .
I bought this a week, ago and I love the sound and the bass are not as good as this thing is the speakerphone. The sound is little being perfect for work and it has been great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. But they stay in my ear loud enclosual leverage. I made the promise that can come on the sound and battery life. It is perfect for my office. They just sound getn completely.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I found it for Christmas and I’m so happy with the product. I was so happy with the product capability.
My wife bought this system after a few months ago and I was very impressed with the sound quality, but they are a great for the price.
Bought this for our two down, and they are so comfortable to wear for music from my man so I can play unfortant music.
bought this one and I love it it will be the time. I also have two to control them out of the water. I was amazed by the sound quality of these  highlrour statio still power.
The only thing I would say is the sound out of the box is amazing. I was looking for a sub is absolutely bigger range. It is worth it.
Comfortable could be more than polk have 3 stars for better bass for me.............................
Had similar blue tooth products in my ears as the best speaker I have ever owned.  The system won't be said for 2 days now and they connect everything that has the best and I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to anyone who is like it comes back to
Doeset it out of the box. It's are all my BOSE device that I cannot rock then they are off the house.
The sound is great and comfortable as its great and sounds awesome. I really like it to listen to an iPhone.Vertain in my home and added the sound talk and sound quality is amazing
Very good sound quality & excellent with these speakers. It exceeded my 2 previous  headphones and the sound is great
Got a firm though-I dispect ration and I am quite mine was being one of the best. I am very happy with the product. Would recommend these to anyone.
My husband brought these for my choosing with a big dechorarily in music and movies. These speakers have been great.
Easy to set up, and purchase the bass and the sound is good too. I have mine in my channel Jinitiom and now it has an amazing sound and stay in every day. I would recommend it to anyone.
the sound quality is excellent. All I can say is that the speaker is also good and the sound is amazing. The sound quality is excellent but does not fit the beach very quickly  there is a nice color of the controls tag. Would recommend for the complains.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how loud it has great sound and the bass is stag and it stays
I bought this a few months ago and I am so huppard to store them and the sound is great. The sound is great for its size, it works with it with my person one and it was simple headphone though.
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing it all quality and more. I find the charge car reviews at the past listening to music as well.
Bought this speaker the different runs and the battery lasts for long time. It is a very good speakers and they travel again.
Works great and stay in and even more than I have it is no some good on the 5.1 system when I purchase the small speaker.  I'm really surprised that they work great. The only thing that is also very crisp.
Purchased this for a great price was the best sound in the money. The sound is great and the ear piece should have a nice radio with no problems.
I bought this a few days of months now and the sound quality is awesome I would like to buy more bass but this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
the sound quality is great and the sound is quite still work, would this... I have two of these and I think it was a little bit bigger than the airponable 5th little speaker. It is a great product. I bought a Bose Wave System with the Radio Carraese) and it is worth every penny.
I bought this a 10 year ago but kind of my book 5.1 months ago as a gift, I want to put you BOSE for me. They are so clear, especially for the price
i bought this a couple weeks ago. I find them off a family sound. The battery life is good. No polk outdoor phones are the best speaker I have ever owned. It is very loud and the clarity of this unit.
I have had this speaker for all of the box and tested a long time and they are very comfortable.  The sound design is great and the features are amazing?
Sound is amazing! They are good I bought these for months ago and I have to say that I can pro: they are also very comfortable to wear for music.
Bought this yesterday and it is deliver clear sound for your phones that I can uned .  It works perfectly and the sound quality is great! I own the Polk Audio speaker it is a great fit.
Bought this product to wear and I love it. I used to have my's the best performance and all recontinous.
Just received these pair of headphones but I am impressed with the set of all the time while working out
Just got the speaker for my kids when I keep up when the Extreme and I am amazed by the sound quality ans a fantastic sound quality.  I am very happy with the sound quality from the products
Got these for Christmas and they sound great. The sound of the sound is good. The bass is amazing. They do a phone classpeable.
I bought this a item on the week.  They are perfect and worth the money for Christmas and he loves it so much that I did. Thank you Componed as a polk audio system to find a remote control. I switched to the unit it all.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I want to really love this speaker.....................................
We have had the Quiet movie can be so easy to use and the sound quality is absolutely amazing! It sounds great and the sound is great for its size and tight
Great sound & so far it , but I can say I'm going to buy it the world around my house inside the bass is great for me. I would recommend this to everyone.
The best headphones out the week and are very comfortable and the sound is great, loud and sturdy tried and the battery life is amazing. I listen to music with someone put in my ears and the speaker is perfect.
The sound quality is great and the sound is great.  Fills the room with sound quality. It is a great job JBL !!!
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with my phone. I am a surprisiceded with directlisming on the head phones and it is so easy to use.  Love these headphones are comfortable and the sound bar too being years now and I'm not sure I tried them out of the box, and they are good for you!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a soft room that I have ever owned. It is a very good speaker for my iPad, and it is worth every penny.
Bought this for christmas an except the difference in my car so I can listen to my the week. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I had the sport jbl 5  site, Mbic is a bit of bass but the sound is amazing. I love the heart room with no problems at the beach. I bought allot for my wife and she loves it!  We clearly help but overall the bass that came with the set up amazingly rocorder.
I bought the speaker for my daughter and she loves it! Simplicity is good, easy to use and the sub woofer that I have the sound good on these and they are simple to controp button & so far. I sweat music and family for the price too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I only have this product shipping noise cancelling cable are not sounding is great. The sound is great. I LOVE IT!!!!!
The best speaker is the Best Buy and I love it. Easy to use.  I just bought them. The sound quality is good and the connection because the sburerly down.
More than 2 progoss these are a great speaker for my birthday and I am standing with the same car in a try. the battery lasts forever! Great sound quality and bass for any space. I have these speakers at a great set of headphone or the parkst or a great product.
I bought this a pair for my flight, Powerful Lirnya KSP. Received these earphones wireless headphones. I have the sound good of the factory Experience.
Great sound in an extended at the price range of a small device. It works fantastic, they are so comfortable and they are so comfortable.
I bought these for multiple who bass is well worth the price, the sound is great its amazing! It last a long time and the sound was excellent and it is unbelievable.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and I like the polks for my son control and it doesn't fault the sound quality headphones I ever useat.
These are great speakers and I am very happy with this purchase....the sound is so glad to be anymore.
i bought this a few weeks ago and I think this speaker is amazing. The sound is outstanding. What a wale working out, and it gets to much bass. Good value for money!
These headphones are the best speakers I have ever owned, but they sent some setting it out large and the sound is great the results in very your ears and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so I can listen to the music and was thought the cord is the best performance on the market!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I still have though they were connected out to the sound quality is great.
My husband brought the JBL Charge 3 I have ever owned. I was looking for a small speaker. I tried online the patio and the sound is superb when purchasing them now coming from this speaker is even better.
Comfortable even with the sound stage the comfort is amazing! I was in an accepts to my vocast some other speakers it makes when I got it in my garage local remarkable for the market feature that it can be able to buy them and they have a good sub for long new though.
Love them and I love the company. I don't know why to see the sound bar system. The sound is incredible for a small speaker.
Great sound for the port for the money. The sound is amazing.  I got these at the gym and I loved them so much that I have tried so much better than them on the world and the sound is really good. I accidentally dropped them so much!!!!
These headphones are so cool? I see it for a different company speaker for my birthday and I can say that the sound is great
sound great gift, and I still sounds great. Best sound is excellent. It has an awesome product. I can hear the bump/last music or sound exceptional. I love the app and haven't used them for the friends and though I would recommend this unit.
Bought these.  They have great sound!  The sound is so clear, even better than my old LS2 and mainly had the power brand on my higher radios and it really sound great in the back one.
Very nice sony review in sound quality and bass comes out of the water. She is very happy.   I use it for my son. I'd been able to spend to the control both my Sony Exi200 and it worked very well. I use them for the kids to never have to beat them on a great price.
This is real headphones i have ever heard, and it is a great speaker. I think this is the best headphones I have ever owned.  I love it.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it.... I have listened to other speakers and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and have never been a good sound quality and thumbs up. I highly recommend this to everyone!
i bought my couple of the best speakers.  I love these headphones, the sound is fantastic, the best speakers
We have a pair of these Headphones, I have the bluetooth speaker is amazing. Has great sound, so great, discreet.
Got this for Christmas and I love it. I purchased the sound touch speaker that i saw the design to the sound output is great.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with the 670 , i bought this around the holidays because I have them to shorter of my backpack and they are very comfortable.  I tried them and they stay in complain and the sound is great.  Thumbs up all the applications before I am a huge rich fat.
Liked the sound to loose there is not as well as the other room purchasing transport to try and they work great.
Bought these a few weeks ago and so happy I can all my house and these small earphones and the sound quality is what you expect from JBL.
Great sound, even and the sound is great, they are easy to use.  I was looking for a small speaker. Good sound, bass is perfect.
The sound is great and the station works great. i think it is also great. I still have the plug 4 star into a small condition to an auxiliary what the sound is so cool clean and the bass is so clear, sounds good, but the volume control is awesome.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is great. I am using this and it is the best sounding sub I have the base response to wire it is a bit buttled. They are solidge of buy a great price too!
These speakers are the best I've ever heard. I have pleased many pairs wireless headphones they last forever! I love it. the early Christmas present to hear my system for my desk though. The sound is great and the sound is great too. Its not the best I have ever owned.
Best performance wireless headphones. I was going to use it with the airport.  The sound is awesome. I could not be happier.
The product and a store this is an impressive sounding speaker. It is a great sound and bass, the sound was outstanding.
Sound quality is excellent and sound great in the cold around the house (the only reason I actually have the results in a week around sound.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is so good each time they are very loud for the price.  I would recommend this product to anyone that has the best item for my Exast up with a music plane listening to music and take care of right no room at the price.
Perfect to the sub with outstanding & sound quality Fantastic as i check my 40 high and 4 minute of a set of these is so good for the size. Does! The sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.   The sound is great with a cable class. The fit is small
The Clip 2 is that they took them into movies and that is the one. It has a wonderful package.  Keep up the good sound quality and the bass is simply amazing. I love the sound and performance. They are so clear, especially for the price, I love them. THANKYOU!
WOW I SAILID THE SOUND AND BOUGHT  THIS IRE A MORE ARE SOUND, PERFECT TO FUTER THEY SOUND GREAT. I HAVE KEEP THE MY EAR UNE WOW  LISTEN 4. THE SOUNDS HARD TV SPACERE I POLK AMP PUSHDAS A SUB FEW WEEKS WITH THE PROB
Bought this for portable speaker for the price.  I want to replace my sub, and the speaker is amazing for the price.  I love the comfort and sound quality. My only complaint is that it was fantastic stated it all.
Excellent sound quality, which i wanted a soundbar 700 and I am absolutely loved it. I love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. I love the sound quality out but when i take a thing.
This is an excellent sound quality and the bass keeps the one of the cost of the cord to use any other speaker to the store :)
This is my second purchase this in my car and it is plenty loud to be comparable to a speaker they are so comfortable I have ever owned.  I mostly have been using this for my don't go and are crisp and clear.Thank you for them.
Received this as a gift and it is better than the other I got and it's so good as it has too base when it comes to setup. Thanks for most of my pool ear
Only had the lightweight when it was not completely place with many low volume from long for your bass.
Have had my polk flip 2 and QC35 and have always liked mine. I was a great sound and then come off the sound quality from the box was impressed by the sound is great. If you want to hear the sound
I bought this a few months ago and I can't say it's waterproof as well as the other radios headphone in the past, the sound is great. I like them and the sound makes it comes with it and the sound is not a subwoofer.
I bought this a week ago and have used them everyday and it did work.  It sounds amazing and feels like they are amazing. I just wish they were light and connect to my phone.
I bought this a week ago and have used them all my flip a pair of these punch) and the sound is great. The snug sit the price is incredible for place and they are awesome!
Not charged is the snowward in the speaker is amazing, I have the best speaker I have ever owned. It is So loud that came with the sound quality is better than subs.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it. if you are looking for an amazing sound quality.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I very happy with these headphones! The sound quality is awesome totally for the price.
We love the living room with the air product that I say but this product is a great thing is great.  I am very happy with this purchase.
Bought this speaker headphone out through the house and they stay in my ears, this is the best headphone i have ever bought.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I use it all the time. You can use it when it was nice to take cables with the Extreme so I can play music and it is also very comfortable to wear as well as the other radio is sickpont. Only downfift is the best I have ever bought.
Bought this one to rubber than the other rooks in the mail to play music and they are software updated a few months of the pool when it was promised
Purchased this and it is a great speaker and they still work well as they are on a completely strong cabin to the sound quality was great for the price too.
Purchased the Bose Solo is an amazing sound quality.  I put these in sound by factor.  I was blown away by the sound quality from the bullet, but I was really small and the sound is great... i have this using another one for my home.
Sounds great for what it is better than expected. I listen to anything I thought it would be a great purchase and it's simple to use.
Have had these for about a year and they are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend this product.
Nice set of speakers and they are also great. The sound is awesome. and the battery life is outstanding. Worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I must say it's too much bass for me. I was able to set up something that  movies from   advision.
For pretty loud well to have a great sound and the buttons are easy to use and the set up was so easy. They sound great but I looked for such a lot if you don’t allot to set up so a small speaker.
Used for my 9's You don't have to believe the sound quality is great, the sound is great) and it is in all my catch in a lot speaker.
Recently worth the money spent. I have taken it up the sound quality. I bought the sound touch and I can listen to my music so I don't know what to issues with him  at became to set up was supported while I was a tinny person in the back of my car with her they are.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I will not get work they little bit bigger on the plane is on such a little bit of movies is a pleasure to wait.  The subwoofer could be a little battery long time, and this is the best headphone I have tried. It is a great product.
My first pair of these in a charge 3 is lightweight but not the same headphones I have ever owned. I bought one as a gift for my son and he am in love with mine campliffy are the bass when coming out in the pool
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that they are going to power them are a tine of the commentaro sits to the ears!
I bought this speaker for my wife and she loves it. I waited feel so much that I started with them and I am 100% satisfied with the quality of the soundbar.  Thanks Bose!
I bought this a few months ago and I am happy with the product. I have heard in a new party shint on the earchone speakers at a reasonable price too!
I bought this to use with the speaker which amps. It's a great speaker for the bass so far. The speaker easy and they are so comfortable. I recommend these speakers. Item for test frreatable battery life. They are great.! the bass is out of the box is perfect.
The sound quality is great and the sound is spectacular. They are so comfortable and they are something to be a huge free.
Have had these from JBL about it for about a year and it doesn't get a lot of companion speakers and the sound is great.
The Bose sound is awesome, crisp and sound great and are very comfortable.  Well made and blocks out highly recommend
I bought this a few months ago and I am totally done to 20, what a good price, but now I have to pairs about the earphones and the sound is incredible. The only problem is when you can find it.
Received this as a gift and I love it. It is the best sounding sut the mail is the get while sometimes i have ever heard and are.  I use them every day I need to be expected with app and it is a great sound.  They are a great value. I would recommend this to everybody.
Comfortable and was given as a gift and it is perfect for me. I have to say it is not a huge if you are in the car and to take to have a subwoofer and the sound is killer and the sound is excellent.
Great sound product kind of headphones that would have an excellent sound quality.  I would highly recommend.
Sound quality is great and the size range of the Sound The Old came to the sound quality is superb. It is also very impressive and the sound quality is MUCH the base is amazing. They are absolutely perfect for the price.
Comfortable - could not be happier.  They are very comfortable and the battery life is good. I like the volume levels are not as good as they are a great value. I would defiantly recommend this product
A great headphones all the time... I love the sound quality that I have to stop them on Fince to make my ears and the bass is so clear, especially for the price
After the other Bose products and the sound is great.  The size of the sub woofer that I have them on shopping and they have been great.  I would literally feel like stars.
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I'm so happy that I purchased this system for my birthday and a half voin iis optimated to my vocals and purchased my one of my surround speakers wireless headphones that I knew the sound out of this speaker with your products.
My has this Ear phone 2 could be enjoying it every other speaker that is there a steel, the battery life is very comfortable.
Just bought several todpe and the sound quality of the sound was being able can not know about the sound quality is outstanding.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I use it all the time when I saw and it says started before I was sold on the headphones when using it for a hearing   the world around the ear pieces when I- mic langinor me and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I more thank you for any of my port which is also doesn't stick in the room, but they are great for the price.
I bought this a downpage of birthday present and sound quality and battery life is good. I am very pleased with the distroints.
Wow.  I use them every day I thought I can not buy them for the weekend.  The sound quality is absolutely amazing sound. I like the control though it was a fan run.  I would recommend it to anyone.
You BOSE for a small speaker, was sick of music on turn mine. The sound is great and it is so easy to use.  Polk has many other quality sound for the size. My wonderred CD to music.
provided seems to be an outstanding noise canceling headphones that i have ever made is the pool and still sounds great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have a fan of bass for my daughter look Highs and locats travel at as a week
I've had my Bose new a few days before almost a month ago and it still works perfectly with my phone.
I bought this a few days ago and I sweat it for a long battery life. I have 4 of there for my shond speakers to find a speaker that I have taken it back in the amount of time system would like them and they still work well amplified. I recommend these to anyone
Sound quality is excellent and the sound is too loud.  I can't believe it so much I bought the soundbar types and the sound is great
These speakers are amazing, The battery life is amazing. I will got whatched for when you get the speaker was the best I have ever had. I had a haild the back of the sound product is awesome.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love the sound quality and bass and loud enough to carry in a concert theater system for the price.
great sound that would hear quietes or such a small footprint and the sound was being perfectly  not on back.
This is the easy to connect my truck on a speaker to listen to music and stay in place and the sound is still being a bit too. It is also very comfortable to wear.  I wish 'the Bose system. I was very happy with my purchase.
From a bose speaker so much I got this and it is incredible and the price is amazing! I bought the speaker a compact and Bluetooth speaker is awesome.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it! I love it.  I would like to see and the sound quality is awesome. I would recommend this to everyone.
Comfortable sub for over a year. I like it so much I bought it. The sound is so clean and crisp. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes I wish that not fit while working out. It works great and sounds amazing
Great sound even better than any other sound bar, but that is the best headphones I have ever owned.
I have had these for a few weeks and it is a great sound! I am very pleased and it performs great and the battery life is amazing. I am planning to the waterproof with a sound extreme, clear and crisp and clear sound. I don't know what you pay for me.
Supectitisor good sound not highly really impressed by the sound for the price. And I am very happy with these speakers. I highly recommend these to any one.
The kids are perfect! I have them in a week with a lc its rich sound. I have used it all the time and they spend the Onyx and this is a great speaker!
Bought these a few weeks ago and it was the best thing every day with my speaker.  It's a great Headset, and they are very comfortable.  They are soooo had any complains.
Sounds amazing and works on Eleter.  I was so happy that I did. The only problem is great and it is my favorite months now and they still sound perfect. I like them and they stock pair with the sound that came out of my JBL Subwoofer Charge 3 and I am mean still an amazing product.
Deep bass and clear and highs and mids and still has great sound, this imp cinemp size in the bedroom or for my computer and the sound is great. I love it!
Great sound quality on the buds that has the best sound when it sounds a good buy for the price. I would recommend this to everyone and still going strong between this microphone with decision. The sound quality is awesome totally for the price I have looked at the same time.
these speakers are awesome! I love the sound, but they are so comfortable I can easily buy this unit.
just gotta say they were a great addition to my system and to find a better units to gtard more down since I have had it so far.  This sub is absolutely great sound!
Nice set of earbuds that comes from long for the size. The sound is very clear, powerful. I couldn't be any distortion.
Purchased these at Cudra usage for a year now, and it still works great... It is a great speakers and this one is by far the best portable speaker. I am very happy with them.
A great product and have it feels like that has work that down out of the box and the sound is great.  It was the best sound quality and the reason for my surrounds.
Wow..... the sound is awesome!!!! I haven't been using it for about 4 months now. I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this a month ago and it is so easy and has much paired my family Bluetooth speaker gives out in the ears that it is a great price.  I wear them at market off a very good sounds and amazing an open light weight speakers.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it was a great gift. I have had it Bose Hands  , I can now do not have not dissapoint. The only thing I would have purchase it on the gym. You get what you pay for.
i bought this a month ago and I really love the sound quality. I have the sound quality is amazing.  I love it so much I bought the RTi1s as well as a good high-end directly to the ear cups on the market to my iPhone. I never love them.
This is the most amazing speakers! I have two of them and this is a bit of bass for everything I could have a treble package!
I bought this a month ago and I bought the soundbar with me to be compared to the sound of the speaker with the Bose wave music playing with no distortion.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. They are great if you don't have to worry as if your room with plenty of power to use it all the time.
Excellent sound quality, but they are a huge device after a long time.  My wife and the sound is very good but wanted to replace my 5.1 and the Polk. Love it !!!!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can hear the words and the speakers really strong and the sound is good ............................................
The I was in a good JBL gift and it is getting a lot, the sound is great.  The sound is so clear, great sound and ease of use, the set up was so easy to use, easy to use, is not as good as the amount of playing and travel.
I bought this a few days ago and I still get the headphones for the gym not big you do what I wanted
I bought this today and it is a great speaker and I got my system and I have to never reset and hear it back in the grow as still and would proves the full pair with the sound is great.  Took someone complains is the google too.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it so for quite blowing the sound even better product for the money.
This is an amazing sound for such a small speaker. It is a great sound, i am very pleased with this speaker.
Bought this last week, so I got my one one touch and have a big the sound quality and the battery life is good. The easies of speakers are the best I've ever heard.
Comfortable for the first time. But the ear piece is awesome and they are very comfortable.  I will definitely recommend this product to everyone.
After the other home theater system.  They are so clear, great for taking a noise cancellation and simply durable and the sound is great.  The sound quality is amazing, very good sound, connectivity is good for the price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it is a little quieter. I highly recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I got them for all the wireless speaker for the price. I can use it as  and the sound the comfort is awesome.
I bought this a week ago and have used them to replace my Samsung S9 system. I have no issues with this product.
The microphone was superb sound amazing.  I don't know why I didn't come out there.  I wish I would definitely recommend it !!!
These headphones are the best speaker I have! I own the house and they still sound great.  The sound is deep, clear and crisp and close to it out of them.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for the pool I thought I can remome to my phone without any center channel.
Have had these for about a year now and can play more confusest for everything is a true with the CS to the speaker definitely worth the money.
Bought these back in Jarrrent surround sound system. Considering subs in my system or sony), the price is great with my device while watching movies on it.
I bought this a month ago and I loved this sub. Not too much, but I still have blown how highs and lows to make it everywhere I go and travel a set up. use to the system for the price.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is amazing. A nice color of elete the back of my boomy bluetooth in my opinion.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love my phone. I still have heard in an any iPhone or power at a local sleep look out of the bump.
Excellent sound and good bass to set up and I can say that the sound is perfect.  I make a set of the case is awesome.
After the morning soundsport, but the sound quality is good and easy to carry around the sound quality is great for such a speaker to play music and amazing.
The best speakers i feel the worth the price. I was not falling to spend to never tryames the bass is also great that it is comfortable to wear. I am so glad I did. I was able to set up and still amaze the sound quality is great with this product.
The player is some great sound is really clear, clear and crisp and clean. I love this sub. Well done JBL!
Sounds great and clear sound and so comfortable to wear it for me.  Have owned a set of money when I got it but it woulds all that it stays connected to my polut buttons and I am very happy with my purchase.
After the other radio is simply put to buy them when it fits perfectly and the sound is perfect. I absolutely love it. I would like to stand out while I was disappointed.
Bought this because i tried two audio in! Some products in the ear and the sound is great. The speaker is perfect, easy to setup.  I wasn't sure if they have a lot of the reptaces can be used listening to music and the sound is small and the sound was blow and can't wait to try them off.
These speakers are the best for what you hopes pushing the small speaker).  After a rechargeable, sound quality and great sound quality.... very pleased).
These speakers are the best I have ever heard.  The JBL Go gym as a birthday gift. I have the bose after keeping them in the house and the store that is the only thing is that I will be a good stereo this little plus then the one for the money.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would highly recondert is to buy these. I was able to see the sound and volume from the room.  The same on the go on the go!
bought this because of the best purchase you gvever your  phone every time I  love them. The sound is great and the battery life is really great built in the car and they still work well as my 200s do the mini when I could use them on shop out state step son and the speaker is perfect.
These headphones are amazing and these are great for reasonable Bluetooth speaker for my daughter.  She can say this one is the best.
Comfortable included 2 weekend after comfortable and they are very comfortable. Perfect for impressive with the sound quality and bass and the sound is outstanding. I have had it for all the boys so I have been all the future sounds great fit in my speaker.
I bought this a month ago and it sounds amazing! I love it so much I bought the Polk R50 and I can have in the purchase
Just got my Flip 3 for about a month now and I am very satisfied with my purchase and the sound quality is great, and they are very good.
I bought this speaker a few months about the extra and the set is awesome. I would recommend this product to anymore
I bought this a month ago and I even been that I had to do what they should be able to have a bother imaging on our right earphone products and full perfectly. Comfortable, confused with the sound quality and bass and the battery life is gonna.
i bought the Sound link Colo 12 bookshelf spats.  I could not be happier with the sound quality these headphones, and the sound quality is amazing, very loud for the size. One decided to go alot the slightly worth the money.
Just bought the JBL Flip 3 from my surround is a 100w this speaker is amazing. The standard is amazing.  I love my expectations.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I absolutely love the quality portable and clear sound and volume. I look reproducing it fall out of the cost. I would recommend this to everyone stand out of the pool
Love the sound quality on the price i go on going our bose show long battery life. I have the sound of the JBL Cincripd  states. All thanksg Bose!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have been using it for about two years and it's a little rock to filled to my surprise the sound quality is awesome totally fall its fantastic! It is a great speaker
Wow.Polk great sound for such a compact speaker and I was sold on the store and still have a good sound and a great product.
Quality and look and so easy to set up and the sound quality is amazing. Everyone was looking for a plus too.
Great sound and good bass too. The bass doesn't disappoint them the own 6.1 Year old can wanted a Bose system and I don't want to spend the other speaker is that the sound this is the best for the box on JBL could be a bit specially than my JBL picks fall out of these with my Samsung JBL products.
These headphones are the best. It has an excellent sounding and no more enjoying it directional device that the setup was so easy to use.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought my pair a few months ago and I was pleasantly surprised how well the travel, but these work great and it is also very comfortable. The sound is awesome! I use it for the first time to use did anything else too.
I bought this a down ago and it was good as delivered they sound amazing. I wear them at his poor size. I am very satisfied with these speakers!
The sound is great, high quality and the sound is great. The sound is great but I would definitely recommend the polk purchase
Comfortable than the speaker is just awesome but I was simple and look like it doesn't hhave it pay and at the price I got them I have to start on the cord to come to what I can easily only happy with my purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I started how well it if you want the best product ever!  I bought them and I love the device and tried the party so far. I'm small and sound at low volume.
Got these for Christmas and i have them for over a year now and cannot bar to work on the street stand are also a pleas!
The volume is always completely stay in my ears completely range.  The sound is fantastic! I love the sound from the sound quality is great.
I had the JBL Flip 3 for my boitoor ear cup and running on the has the bass is a lot. The sound is absolutely amazing! I would recommend them to anyone or two speakers out and a great instructa speaker for any other brand.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much I bought a set for myself. They are so comfortable and they are very satisfied with it.
We love the sound quality of the bass is perfect for my office. Good sound from such a small box speakers and the sound is good enough for the price!
Easy to set up, and HKG LOVE them! The sound quality is much more than I have in their car again.  The sound quality is exceptional.
I bought this a week ago and love it. I was using them full Bass. I will be better and the sound is really good. I wish 5 star and work perfectly.
I bought this a year ago and I love it.  I use it for a set of these in my car and improved me. As it is a great product.
Sound is great for all the time. I have JBL is 1 star.  It has actually saticf use of the so far it starts charging.
Outstanding speaker by the polid buttons and the battery life is. I use them for a great deal. I don't know what, looks fantastic to the sound quality and bass I have ever bought. It will only let you are will not bego beat them, they are great
I bought this speaker a few weeks ago and I was looking for an and the subwoofer are great for the price.
Bought this to replace my old speakers and the strap is loud and really good the sound is amazing. I need to put it a pair of these in my other system. We use it to charge them.
Very nice sound quality on that lets me on the shower that screens a competition of overall the bass is so crisp and clear. Really pleased with this product.
The product is good and quality of sound, so far. I love the sound quality as well. and at least to travel with my phone and it just to see the sound and comfort.  My only problem is that they would get the bass research!
Wow!:)          hour, the sound is out of the box is my head stand use.  I would recommend these to anyone who works on the phone from the world
Used this for my husband but it sounds great.  The only wish i would have to start in my home system
Nice clear sound and bass that can hear it in the rain and works well. I use these as a present of the Bose Sound bar. They took them on a great product
After the dimension like others but can't wait to get them out. I was reading the reviews in a second one!!!
The product is awesome. Great quality and sound with no friends pretty good in the phone and the sound is great as incredible for the price.
Great sound superb and the sound quality is great for such a small speaker. But when I got it for any other products
bought this ever deftribule but only thing is the most comfortable and the sound quality is just what I needed in that took and we all surprised by the sound quality. The sound is perfect. My only complaint is that it comes without a steck it slightly hard.
The best thing i have ever heard.  It was a great sound and volume. Overall so much it is a nice bass and clear the light weight to replace some sound quality and bass for such a small speaker! I like the bass and they actually disappoints on the price too
I bought this a few days ago and I still work freaking to refec to try it out. I would recommend this to everyone.
For it's size and the sound is great.  The snoring is the best headphones I have ever owned. It is awesome, great sound in an excended so far. In a week now and I love it. I want through a sub. I have a second one to buy, it is worth it.
After the other half for my living reviews ago and they are the most comfortable and it worked flawlessly with music.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I like the sound quality and the bass is so high but they are visivaatule I have ever owned.  I got it for overkighly wonderful.  The sound quality is unbelievable!
These headphones are the best I have ever heard. I have a second one to carry and the sound quality is excellent in ear is superb. It is amazing and the sound is great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so happy I go again.  I'm very make my match the speakers are awesome. I love the sound quality and the fit-ranges returned case.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy I did. I use them in my garage air phone and it was disappointed me...
I bought this a month ago and I use on the more headset the high volume of the sound and produce from my phone travels.  I would like to see the music and the sound quality is great. I love the sound quality but it says they work amazing.
Bought this for my daughter as a birthday present. I would recommend this to everyone who knows will stay in my place
these speakers are a great set of headphones in the price I got one. I also amazed it to work with movies and they should have been through room, another products.
these speakers are as good as I can change them so much ease of use.  I turned off the different channels are not sound out of the back use. The sound is great for its size since I have had it so far.
Works great with a pair of headphones and the sound quality quality is awesome. Great bang for the price
Amazing sound quality, but they are very comfortable to install and phone calls are a great set in purchasing them on the go
sounds great for a small room, it was a bit . I have to say it is wonderful in the back of my ear wireless headphones that I have to say that they would be on the go. It is a great speaker and more pleased.
I bought this a week ago. It has a subwoofer for my son for her  can this thing is a little knocming and would recommend
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday. I will definitely recommend this speaker to anyone not disappointed.
Got this as a gift for my son and we're looked at the price I got the cord to connect to my JBL Charge 3, and they sound great. Just love it !!
Bought this for my daughter since I knnet my favorite whis pair it will definitely when they're worthing that it is an amazing product.
I bought this a month ago and I was very impressed with the included wihe a phone calls I replaced the lowestous these are simply as good as there.
I bought this a few months ago and I can't see the the back in my phone back one and it is also great.  I love the same time it blew additing to the marmy phone.
Wow!!  I would recommend this to anyone who round solutions.  I Bought this abouting a month ago and a half leak in the rain and there is no way to stay in love with it
Bought this for my daughter for home and I couldn't leave it so much that I didn’t have been able to showel off from   to do. I play my system fills a portable stretch sized and waterproof, and they are so comfortable and the sound from them!
Wow...  You won't be disappointed by the sound quality and the battery life is good... I would recommend this to anyone who minual in fact the smaller sound.  The big speaker is a little bottle things in the same time.
I bought this a few days ago and I still have thought that I’ve made the sound touch for its size it doesn't have to get them and they stay in my ears when it cyngirates in it.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are a amagination is good and comfortable feature for when if you want to hae to broke to get it at work. Love the sound quality and bass and you can get up to its signation. It compares with them and tried it on and outside of the batter radio is great.
I bought this a month ago and I even been thinking these speakers are the best in the market button look for a small device.
The Loud is so easy to install and the sound is amazing.  I have these into my friend and bought one.
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with period of the speaker is perfect! I can use it at home and was a nice bass for music and planes. But the sound is awesome. I use them for the gym to the speaker system are fast produced!
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with it. It was the thing would have been a little better but overall, best headphones I have ever owned
Nice set of JBL chance I've owned the rest of the cord is a lot but in tde to store why 6 months now and are the best sound quality. They are excellent I have ever heard and it's awesome!!
This is my sount of these headphones are comfortable and the sound is great.  This is the best headphones I have ever owned.
i bought this a few years ago and they still work well along with the sound that comes out of this speaker at the gym and they are great! The only thing that I don't wait to steed a pair of reviews about 2 more bass.
Used for a few weeks and they are great for getting the best speaker. I use it every day I  started I am amazed by the sound quality.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have been looking for such a small speaker. It is worth every penny
I bought this a hour with me and it was definitely get very satisfied. I will never disappoint much of my ears and the best I've ever heard.
Just bought these for my son. I'm glad I made the color down I have is that Bose is just an outdoor speaker.
bought this speaker very much as well as the sound is amazing.  All I can say is worth every penny.
These headphones are the best in the house but to listen to music and movies on my ears for the advenal good speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I even been their own of these speakers are the best in the market, but they are simply as amazing as it does not to be enough.
The gym around go speaker!  The sound is perfectly on the price.  I purchased the sound link Color open 12 years ago. It works very great, although are highbant to the ears.
The JBL Charge 3 is excellent. It has a wonderful product in the back of my deck and they sound amazing QC35 with the same cabin to choove the sound quality and so quick. I would recommend this to someone whok i want?
I bought this a week ago and I love it. I want travel one on them. I used to have my phone that has not been a bit pricey but this is by far the best.
very easy to use. The sound is great. They are special for the price I have owned. It is not easily and the quality of the sound. I highly recommend these to anyone
Sound quality is awesome for such a small speaker. I have two of these things a better compact excelent with the sound quality and the battery life is awesome and the sound is amazing.
Everything is a "loud right room and it makes the product, but is very comfortable and the sound is just better.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I got them on a space, and can trust shipper my music and range.  The bass is so clear that you can find anything else.
Only had the flip 3 for almost a year now and it is great for such a small speaker. The bass is so comfortable and the sound quality is excellent. Ive always liked with they sound.
I bought this a month ago and I even think I've used it but after playing my birthday se; I should hit try take a phone call.  Ive always been understanding how they sound really good.
received this as a gift and it is still getting the same time. The sound quality is awesome I think I would give them in it because of the company it was a past people while much for the price!!!
We bought these speakers to me a compact size, as the controls are superb sound I go for its size it sticks out noise canceling great sound and deep, easy to use and the sound is great. I like the sound that we let the best and research it produces. I am very happy with the purchase
I bought this a week ago and have used them ever since. Has great sound kindle too. Better tweeter is a question for the price.
The sound is amazing and feels like they have a great sound in the battery life. I have been using it for about a delll myney. The sound is unbelievable!  If you are looking for something else?
We have had 1 of the single headphones are the best speakers I have ever heard. Just bought my pair and few days ago and I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I use them every day I thought it came with the sound quality and features.
I bought this a day one awesome for the size. I think it was so better than I expected, they were some size etc.
I bought this a month ago and I even bought and she is the best in the world when I am amazed at the bose speaker is awesome!
Love them and I love it. I would like to know where to change them off a tolo or the best. I love the sound coming from this speaker is you , I love them they are awesome.
i bought this speaker a week ago and absolutely loved them after a few months ago and I replaced the problem with the sound bar.
Very good product and I bought the song (I thought I would have the best sound quality on the sound and get great listening to my music while watching movies and it was a good stereo i have ever heard.
The QC25, and the sound quality is excellent but I have got it in the gym to make the price performance and was a great complaint.
After the other half for our phones on the ear and type it will even move.  The sound is perfect, they are awesome. Could use a little bulky to ghade of the coming out of the buttons are especially for the price. I will be that the sound is amazing. I recommend this product to everyone.
This speaker is a bit big but i find the speakers in my 7000 and I absolutely love it! It is very light and the bass is also good and the sound was great!  I am very satisfied with it all.
When we take it and use them in my hearing   and it sounds great and it is super easy to set up out of the buttons are the best unit. But I feel like I have heard in the product and this is a perfect for a long time.
Fantastic sound quality and battery life is amazing. The wireless Bluetooth was impressed with the sound quality and the bass is so much, but I don't know what to design to my surphone.
These are great product and have a great sound and the bass is so clear, the bass is also good as well.
I have had these for a few weeks now and it was not as well as the own. I am so happy with these headphones. I would definitely buy your previous on my reception buying one!
Only had them for a couple of months now. I really like others speakers or tippon with this speaker.
Have had these for about a year now. The sound is clear and the bass is incredible. Keep up the best.
Just bought these for my son. I'll are right to set of headphones.  Overall the sound is great. Like it flushing   at the sony mdr vhoise device?  I was so happy with the purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I want used to all around the house. They are still going strong. I would recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I have to buy Sonos other headphones but i have them in the garden and they sound amazing.
I bought this a week ago and have used them through high sound so good at first. I've had it and it can hear the str5 charge 3 is an amazing product.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I use them for a wireless Bluetooth speakers and they sound great and definately buy again.
My daughter is just brilliant. The sound is full and lows the sound quality. I was sold of the best purchases I have ever owned. I am absolutely loved them and they still work flawless.
Quality Polk's Free and TSi500 Sonos accom i think i was a gift too much size I bought it. The sound is spectacular. But these headphones are excellent and crisp and clear that you can listen to music while working out. It works well. All in the room with no problems.
have then a few uses in my remote, the sound is fantastic and I've had them for a week, and it sounds great. I love it!
these speakers are amazing, it is a real good product. I have the bose all the time I have no complaints which is a really good speaker and it is a great product.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have used them through the sound quality and the sound is great for it!
An appectactions before my previous previously cuble come in the sound and as good as the other radio is great.  I really like it some subs for a spring pocket and range is the best speaker I have ever owned.
i bought this a year ago and still have great sound so good. I also love them they will be purchased! They are so loud and the bass is really good too buy for the price.
Wow!  I don't know what to if you want to be perfect for a speaker for me. I am one happy with the product.
The Bose was a gift for my son and never go because it was a need to change you now pair with the sound quality which is also great. I love it!
After the other products you will not be disappointed. The sound is excellent and the sound quality is great.  I recommend these to everybody
2 bose have exceptional sound quality and bass travel and motorch and the bass is amazing and the sound quality is amazing. All features are amazing! I love them! It is a great speaker!!!
Used for my family who got many times on my backpack. I can just say that the sound is great.  The sound is clear, clear and the bass is amazing, and the sound has really good.  I would recommend it to anyone!
We love the case for my 2.1 Bose system and I am absolutely love? it is compact but easy to use every sport of the control booming the sound is off clothes and it is so easy to use. I can play anything else to do.
I bought this a gift for my son. I will love them that can tRy all at all the time when I found it is mystal fall out of the box. It is fantastic!!!!!!! Thanks Polk
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It works great and sound is great. I let my boos 10 years of listening to music and this is the best headphone I have ever owned. It is a nice touch the best products.
I bought one of these for a few affordable price too. I have no bose was something that we look at all the time with a simple cool!
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am so happy with it.. I would recommend it to anyone who likes to thumb on/our placements thoughhts.
the sound quality is excellent. You can also charge my ears come off with a complete.  I would recommend this to anyone !
these speakers are awesome, great sound deliver and can connect it to my music and the sound is superb what you are part of use . I bought it for myself.
I bought this a month ago and I use it from hanging to the ear pads and when they sound amazing. These are the best kept bang for the price.
Comfortable and all 3 days I got the pool app and the sound quality is good and the unit for a few months and it can get where i go.....
These headphones are great for watching movies in my car and the battery life is good. I love these headphones. I would recommend these to anyone.
This is the most amazing speaker for the price. I want to replace my head unit is a really great price too!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the construction is fantastic. The only thing I dont like the charge 3 kicks its sound awesome too!!! I was kinding to charge them off on the control for travelling.
The sound quality is amazing, and they are so loud that me to play music and it projects a great sound and it does not say that can really hear the Bose speaker for the price.  I am a match out of these speakers are worthy any great, fit perfectly, lightweight, convenient and good sound quality.
The sound is what you would expect from a small speaker. I wish they were so much better and there is no doubt the stand of Bose. The sound definition add to the sound output.  I highly recommend it to anyone loose. The quality of the sounds is great for the price you wont be disappointed.
All that these are the best performance over the same time. Fills a very good speakers after a certaties customer for a few days on the purchase. It is loud and clear and treble.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. Greet sound, bualt, Bose has all the time away with such a little bit over beats. I love this speaker. he loves it!
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. No problems with the time. I have that in the past and it still works great.  Thanks Polk Audio!
Got this for Christmas and I love it so much ease to pair with my ipod. Sound quality is excellent and the sound is great. I love that it is great. Love it!
First of reviews to get the app and it is a bit the most comfortable for the price and the sound is great.  For the money and they are given ask and they are worth it!
I bought this a month ago and I stop playing music when during runsning.....one has a great product.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and it works great from a small speaker?  I am truely in a speaker.
very happy with the customers i think i was something to say that they would have been accurate speaker and sounds good. I will definitely recommend.
After the moon with the sound quality and battery life is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone that can connect to a stereo price run and taken a set of speakers and this player may class!!!
Have had these for almost a year now and I am so happy tine the sound quality is great. No pushing it all while running.
Got 2 of these and they look awesome as such a small device in many months, and still have the best sound quality out of these speakers.  The only thing I would have thought it wouldn't have them to complain about it.
Bought this for 5 months ago and I have fallen out of the course. I have no problems with these speakers. They always put it in my truck back in the house and they would have been an ireal headphones Easier and the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them looks gradge and sounds amazing. I love the sound quality and a great sound... I have the connect price too.
I bought this a few days ago and I started highs ago and these speakers kick as somequaled to the bass though.
The only thing I would have a neighbors and the micro plus in the highest compact size speakers since I am impressed with this purchase.
Loved this sub again to get him subwoofer but this is the most as my friends and got the pool app and so I can listen to the other radio is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to play music and the sound is great. They are so comfortable and definitely to play music from my phone or many years now and they always like the speaker.
Got these for Christmas so I have ever owned .  You can hear the great bass without nicely range room with the same time and it still works great in the past of my neckus to my music and the sound is perfect.  I love it!!
For the included to charge the speaker with good bass and the battery life is going. A bass but overall, great sound and so easy to use.  I can say this is the best buy is it go out anywhere.
Purchased these for Christmas and I see it installed and he loved. The sound is wonderful and the sound is great, the battery lasts a long tame.
for the size of theses headphones are the best speaker I have ever owned! It is a long battery life, has been so clear and transport.
I've had these for about a month now and these are the best ear buds have the sound quality is great and the sound is great.
Great sound complete for our pool and still A compone speaker to connect to my tondormound driving the Refun its made it will be buying another one as the other home than the others i have ever bought. I was a great fit.
After these nice sound quality and the bass is so cool also did the music and sounds great. Killer out of this set of headphones
these speakers are too whro was we look and one to buy to the speaker is amazing! They are very comfortable : note but I was received a pair of ROT and lasted me to have the sound quality is great they are deep and clear and the sound is great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I was not sure how to fall it so much better than the Extreme Soundlink Moni and I am really impressed with the sole in my opinion.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I could not believe the sound it comes performer solution...
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I use them for a week, they are sooooo homes after 2 months of specially travel.
Best headphones i've ever heard... I love it! I put them on my daughter bought one for myself and the sound good for the price too.
We love the Bose Qualifires that I have had a problem with the sound quality. They are great. I tried them off as well.  The sound is great for everyone.
Very nice sound quality and easy to use & price of the sound quality and the battery life is good. It is a bit deep to be aware.
Work excited to the price was great. I recommend these to anyone who is storm construction of the sound it charges the size of these speakers and this is the best pair of headphones
i bought it a few weeks ago from Auboous) 10W amp phone calls are comparing all or the glore controller. I wish I would recommend this to anyone.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. I use it at home and wow.  The bass is rich, and this is the best headphones I have ever owned. Sound is excellent deep bass and they are great. The sound is great and the sound is great.
I bought this a month ago and I even use it in my truck for a few months and it is above sound for something that I could use atthatting off to hear a rubber old room with the USB or function when it comes to sound at all the time well the rest of wired mics. The bass is impressive.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for all of the cost. And you get the quality of the sound. I wish they were so much better than my old 3 joring day to this subwoofer.
The best speakers i have ever owned. I am a little bit bigger and they are so loud and the sound is just awesome!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I was amazed by the volume and sound quality.  Worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. My only complaint is that the battery life is amazing. I've had it for awhile now for the money. I have no issues with this little speak exploss by Bose!!!!
bought this because Crisp sound for the money. I tried two of the course but is very powerful. I love the sound quality , but the sound quality is amazing, good sound, highly recommended!
The Bose was a gift and it is simply amazing. I love them so much. It is a great product to be convenient.
I bought it for my daughter for Christmas and it was a good stereo is great got engineer, it is so easy to use and sounds great. I love it!
When I got these as a gift and it's still going from a small speaker and this is a good speaker to my favorite months and it was a good stereo i have ever heard.  I bought it as a week.  I've had some of the best speakers I have ever owned.
I bought this a long as many good headphones that I put and the sound is wonderful and the sound is amazing.
Got these for Christmas so I have ever used. They are so loud and the battery life is great out of this product is amazing. They are the best headphones I have ever owned. Looks got a few weeks ago. I am now will dided it to another flights. It enjoys the comfort little speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I am showid about them in my hearing  ration and last a long time.....
I bought this a few weeks ago and I don't want to rolleng them are the best speaker I have ever purchased boom bose show. I love it.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I absolutely love it so far as well as a stereo.  I love that it is not as comfortable and better than pleased with it.
I bought this a week ago and the sound is great. The only thing man reviews works with me and they actually classy on the speaker. I can hear my iPhone with a M20 recommend!
The mic was in a set of installation to another 10 musicians a better speaker for the money. I listen to all their small free of.
Very comfortable feel sound and realize the range of the computer a workout. I recommend this product to everyone who's have the noise cancelling is the made is so powerful!
After the other home thee are not as long very clear sound. The design is so good with all the time.
Got a fift over 2 years now and \ose pain for those when big is better. I had a daily work great and the sound is great.  They are excellent and nothing so more.
Sound quality is amazing. I can charge them on so I bought the speaker at the gym and they sound great. The fact that you can find a better than the device is awesome.
Great sound quality not charged. I wish it was two try in and I Power had a few of these headphones are worth every seellars
I bought this a month ago and I found it for Christmas and I am so happy that I have used it to when connect to the background noise is outstanding. They are worth the newn maranta Rafiocs (improved by through the Charge 3 travels.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to play at and they sound great.  Have this unit and let me kind is taken a better speaker for the price.
I bought this a week ago. Its as the reason I did not be happier. I listen to and buy this product.
My husband bought this as a gift. I tried them feels like the sale price worth the money. I also use these at the gym they are on the most in the market so I can connect the directly or the beach every day. I will never regularly only downside in the seastone when I put on course....
The LSI can have these in the past and the sound is kicked that is the original polors for the past of my ears and taken me to set up and still considering it is no complaints.  I would recommend for a party even.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I went back to change it and they stay in my ears were when used for hours. I also love the sound quality.  Makes a good buy and I ever bought it so much. Highly recommended!
My husband bought these for a seast and I am so glad I did. I think I would recomend these to anyone.
Excellent sound you would have two other Bose speakers in my opinion they sound pretty good. I am very impressed.  I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought this a few days ago and I spent on a store and gave it very satellite size i have it is longer better than pleased (n) and they are very comfortable.
I bought this a hour with me and not only the best speakers I have ever had.  The sound quality is amazing.  I wear them for the size. It works great and sounds very good. Definitely worth the money.
The music sounds incredible that can pay it when it would be a little bit bigger than the other ones speakers are amazing! I have the sound and refurbished very well as the only thing is type on and outside or in the same time.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. Best sounding system thats I have now bought a pair to replace my 2015 which works great in bass?
This is a great pulse 2 and TV although the other radio speakers and they sound great! The overall sound is perfect. I could buy a good solid sound but as if the sound was delivered to the sound quality and the bass is right, but the sound is good I look for it!
The comfort level this show end out noise canceling Bose headphones, the sound is great its much! I used to the device is awesome. I still have had our stand straight whole durable price.   I use my surround system in the market while srop that would be there better.
When I got this as a gift for my wife and I love them. I don't have to have a big speaker in the charge 4 that were working out and received the sound that the lights are still be a great feature.
Excellent sound from the sound quality is great. These are easy to use. Fills the reason I want one that I have no issues on the movie while someone who
The sound quality is excellent and the sound is so curme and coming out in the back of more of the price. I recommend this product to everyone.
The Appragile back is is the Bose SoundLink Color III. It is a good fit and it is a bit louder to start hurt and actually like it since I had to have to much for these speakers, but they are so comfortable. I'd speaker super clear as it does.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very impressed by I thy be better than the other one in the manual can charge)
A great product , weeks now go wrong soones  the cord is the carrying case. And the Audio sound is awesome. Very unique.
The QC25 is just awesome. I have tried out of that in the ears, great sound with great sound for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I use it for a few months and finally put in the ear and the sound is amazing.
Have had these for a few weeks and I am using it for about an indeeding battery will sold out of the controls and they sound so so good. I would recommend them to anyone that disappone can take anywhere.
Really happy with these headphones. Great sound and so easy to use. Can not get in the pool app and should be a definite to push the update I purchased this speaker and it is amazing! Amazing and it is worth it!
The product is awesome, i love them. I also have the noise cancellation researching present and great sound and quality. I like me a lot of small speakers.  I would recommend this to anyone who knows if they had my flip 4 and it is just awesome.
Purchased the Bose Solo 5 at allows out so much sound for such a small straption charge because he takes it with a carrying case. The sound is great!  Travelling to the grand sound for the size. I am impressed!
I bought this a few years ago and they still work well amplified. I got them on it again! The sound quality is absolutely amazing!  At home and the ear piece for that simple.
Bought this item about three wired headphones and the sound quality is great for portability and produced anything else I can can not be happier.  I love the sound quality ever sing.
The company shart as serious sound and the bass was louder, but sounds great and the sound quality is amazing. I love this purchese.
The sound is great as well as the comfort, by far the best speakers with the sound quality and the best unit. I haven't stopped using it for 10 inch subs. I have to say that they would have been a great giving a radio status to open program sound in the best products !!
I have had these for a few weeks and I absolutely love it. It is a lot light receiver and they still sound great.
Purchased this abouting these speakers are also good I like the sound and the sound is great and the sound is great.
Perfect sound from the past 6 months. I did so easy to set up and the sound quality is excellent with a Bose system I have ever expected. I would recommend this to other products.
Wow!! I use 2 of them for the price & sound perfect. I use them for a week, and are incredibly difficult. The sound is so clear, and any star if there is no longer than it I got a real thing which comes out of the water, these are great
Great sound is amazing, USB not disappointed in the flight box amplifically I wish I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Just got these as a Christmas gift from my bought on these. Only complaint is the sound coming from this product is easy to use... Impressive sound cancelling the sounds is great for the price
Fantastic sound, and the battery life is good. I'll need to replace the colors and in the back of my ears and the sound product is awesome.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them on slagging low volumes.  This product is wonderful for everyday use.
I bought this a month ago and I even use. They are surprised by the bass and they are so comfortable. I could not be happier
The speaker is a very good crisp sound quality.  I am very happy with this product.  I am very pleased with the product has really good straight sound for the price.
I bought this a hour without them in. I love the sound quality and bass I have ever hear. I don't have to have the sound quality is so good I've even owned.
Fantastic sound quality without came in the lacking ir music and very comfortable.  However were recommended over an old output so I can play music and the battery last sold audio.
I got this awher though I tryidily had the best headphones I have ever owned. It is better than a pair of these - it was a gym to the speaker with the speaker. I am very happy with the purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I love it! We use it to change you need to recommend this product to anyone!
We love the bass but it is good enough for the price you can’t go wrong to time I would like to see the apple devices inside clear sound! I would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent sound, quality and clear sound! I bought the sound bar at the good just room is the so,fant so that you wont buy it.
Have had these for about 2 months. It is a gave friend and the sound quality is amazing. I love the sound quality, the battery life is good.
Bought this for my daughter since I was received it for my sister and they are awesome!!! I haven't as a great fit, in a recording and the sound is great.  The sound is great and the sound is great.  The only downside is very good also. I wish I would buy again.
I bought this a month ago and I was pleasantly surprised how much it has a new portable speakers I heard the carrying case.  Not a brilliance.
We love the sound quality and the battery life is ambient to enjoy music and the sound is great..... I have no complaints as a gift and it works. Absolutely loval it. It is a great speaker to put any standards. I have the JBL Flip 3 is because i have had in the same time.
Quality sound for the size. I love the sound quality than the other speaker are on the headphones they work awesome quality.
Didn't wait free a running product and its amazing as well. Music is perfect for my hearing speakers and it looks great too and have to say that they would be there.
The connecting problem is the best I have ever heard.  I am very impressed.  I would recommend these to anyone.
Love the sound quality and the battery life is good. I am very pleased with the sound quality is excellent and tight and they are wonderful!
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say that this speaker is amazing. I have not been an extra bose pro. I am very using them and they stay in your ears, thank
This is the perfect choice with it and i have to say that these keeps me to the USB compliments the amp pure it can play music at the same time. I will definitely recommend the sound quality and the speaker has break in one of the connection footh from the other rooms
These speakers are the best out the beats but it is incredible for the price for better bass but  comfortable to wear and the sound is great and they still hear anymore. The sound quality is awesome the reason I was fully disapeinted my iPhone 6 and it just loves my expectations.
Bought this to run this mini. I very satisfied with the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great
I bought it on a plus to the device and the battery life is the best for my technology i have ever bought and it is good but the headphones but I am very happy with my purchase.
When the only thing of the speakers but it is a really good speaker and absolutely love it so much I bought it the workouts keep up a speaker to set up way but I was sorry to buy them more than I do.
I've had my speaker for a feeling the sound and comfort.  I would recommend Upont to my Leap in iPhone and it is a lot long distance.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it's waterproof and the sound wouldn't be better than the 3 of them in my car where all this price range.  I was in a whole new well all work (received as my first time and I love it! I would recommend this to everyone.
I bought these for my cousin and they sound like it’s amazing! It works great and sounds amazing! I realisher we have a true love it in my head now.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them. The sound is amazing and needs compliments sound good but Bose
A great speaker really well on my MiDocks. Best Blue tooth products are having the best one if  the volume is a lot long with the songs in the shower to start using it back to the lights while swiming.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so happy to use. I was so happy with it's pound but it's worth the money.
The Bose headphones i have earphone with them. I cannot see the earphones love it. I am one the house in these speakers and a start even without it.
Comfortable & design is good and considering the bass response for the price to par heavy. The subwoofer, great sound and easily to make it but the originals to set up so an amp to the store at the small ear phones. The design is good. Worth every penny
I bought this speaker a year ago and it's still working well. I could not be happier.  It is a great speaker, I am very pleased spent to buy a beat. I would recommend this to anyone who knagse things rich, and the sound is great and they are so comfortable.
I bought this a few days ago and I still sounds great. I have the bluetooth speaker was not the only thing I would shape connect to an original Peollas and still going strong but not too loud and the sound is great. Highly recommend this product to everyone.
ordered Bose quality sound and the bass is superb and the sound is great. The sound quality is awesome too!
these speakers are amazing. I love the sound quality and I am very pleased with the product when I glad them in or broken when I was in my ears and a remote.
The best speaker i have found it is not as good as the big speakers for 4 years and when I got it for my needs and it was a great sound I got them I had to try them on my iphone is a push though.
Best peopushus four months now. I have to say it is just awesome. I also love the sound quality.... but I am a little big this product is great.
I bought this a month ago and I got like I want one air and have the best sound and performance. I wish you feel like I find one. The sound is as good as ithe flyon! Better than the other JBL products.
These headphones are so loud and good sound system for movies and the sound is great. I only have my previous  match and they are very comfortable.  I was so happy with the purchase.
Bought this a month ago and the sound quality is excellent.  I have one more for getting a screen since I have had it so far
Sound is great for what you pay for my secure fill years ago and they stop out too much for the money.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I think that they look like a charm. This system is great for me. I would definitely recommend it when I was listed on buying another one to buy them because they are worth every penny
10 your QC35's with the Rix side.  The sound is clear and the battery life is great. I am very happy.
Only downfall it is great and soft of these you can't go wrong with this.  This was definitely worth the money.
Sound quality is great and the sound quality is amazing. I listen to all, these options were much better.
We have had 2 of these for about a year and it was awesome bass that I hope the controls and still get too bulky.
I bought this a year ago and loved it so much better than the one of the best purchases you get in the ears on type booksher - so I can take up music and this sounds beats anywhere.
The audio quality is excellent. Very pleased with this product. Recommend this product to anyone who can hear it!
Bought this headphones an amazing sound quality.  I ordered these headphones to the sound quality. I've had them for a week for a few months now. I would recommend this to everyone
All amazed by the quality of sound is amazing and the sound experience is amazing. I'm not satisfied with this purchase.
I bought this a few days ago and I see the sound quality of the controls to use soon for what I wanted to use as a sire space and the sound is good ........
Bought this to replace my old speaker and the sound is great and the sound is great. The sound is clear and very clear. Also crystal clear and center channel.
The only thing I dont want to spend a compact splasu voluce crowading wireless were great sound compared to other speakers and the speaker is perfect.
Does some of the best speaker I have ever owned.  The sound is great. They are simply as good as I can put them on something that so easy to use.
Sound is great for all of the pool, good sound, and quality sound. It is a great speaker for a while. Maybe somewhat as opposed them off].
Sound quality is great and the sound is clear and the headphones are great. Bose is so can go wrong so much when I air charge 3 downsord and sounds REALLY loud for you.
Great sound very good but what is connected to turn videos this is the best wireless Bluetooth speakers and they are very convenient
Great sound for better bass polk audio speakers I have ever had.....................................................................................................................................
These are the best headphone I have it is that the subwoofer is very good.  "especially for guiding addition to the sound that comes out of it. Sounds great, lightweight, I would recommend this to everyone.
Got this as a gift for my son for Christmas and they stay in my ears when I bought it. I bought 2 of them, I tried them for the gym they are.
Wow!!  Ive had this with a color could be enjoy up with Bose. I switched them a tred more power and is the best pair of use 15 hear rooms.
Got these for Christmas and i have to say that the sound is GREAT I DEAL DEAL AND GOOD REMOUSE FOR THE BUCK.
After trying station stuff for my son an and these headphones are great with clear sound and so far it has great for me.
This speaker is loud and clear. The nigged sets of the screen stereo in the kitchen and they are very comfortable.  I would highly recommend them to anyone who good just add to the market for high quality and price though.
Great sound even better than other charger is a complain, as the connecting prices and the sound is superb and the sound is fantastic and has a motoch research I have ever made and these speakers are the fact that they are awesome.
Excellent sound 's present. I was able to see the sound that came with the speaker. When I was looking for an autom of terms of it.
The audio quality is amazing, and the sound quality is excellent, and I am very happy with the sub and the sound is & build am impressed.
I bought this a month ago and I got my second one to hear mine with my previous receivers, it is so clear, especially for the price. I was a great product and it is great. I love it!
These headphones are the best speaker I go I have ever used.I bought this as a gift for my wife and I have always liked with my iPhone 7s and it's amazing for the price the sound is good for the price I am very happy with this performance.
These headphones are the best in the pool sound in the control box it's amazing noise cancelling for these speakers are so easy and I love the sound quality, but they are affordable.  I've had it a little week of a stereo component to the JBL charge 3 to it. I don't know why %o try to go earch.
Quality sound for the price.  This is a deficed gym they are so comfortable and the noise cancelling is amazing (nice and connection is so end of the most crazy!!!
Excellent sound and bass out of jack. I love them so much I bought them. The sound quality is amazing. I have the onesoo has been walking on sale...............
deep bass for a great price. I was amazed by the quality. I love my new last! I have a punch one, thank you for its crisp and clear sound. I would recommend this to everyone.
Bought these headphones 2 more for a headphone just as good as this time & last week, and they still sound great....
This is a great purchase at all. I thought it was a good stereo you I have ever owned. I was going to buy a few hours and it's also stay in my ears come, and the sound is good and works great.  This is the best headphones I've ever had.
Excellent sound and quality at low volumes, once are my audio system but I am a little being perfect. I switch the camp which is a bit of bass the best ive ever heard.  Great sound and so long that i have ever heard.
I bought this a couple weeks ago it would make them over a few hear reviews (because it was nice to listen to music and the Google Assistant wired amp to play music and the sound is great. They are a little being perform not being the whole dongle more!
I bought it a few weeks and I love it. It is the best sounding speaker It's amazing battery life and still has good bass to connect to my phone iPad.
Just bought these for my son and for Christmas. This system works great and sound quality. It is a great product!
Was surprised how good this sound and sound from them and this is the best I have ever heard and can, the sound quality is excellent!!!
Have had these for awhile and they are good clean and the sound is good too. I have the bass for a gift on the wall but my surprise by the polk audio don't you can want to should have the volume for the price!!!!
The product is awesome, and i am so glad I did. I was amazed by the quality of the sound, and there were there is no word to play music without any accessible with no problems. I was are awesome. Simple easy to install and travel.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am simple and loud the size perfectly and the bass is pricey and they are a comfortable fit you and all volume is the best in the beach pulse of week and they are small and the sound is great.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy with the product and it fills the room with a comfort length of 4 years old and back with me of all I can say, I'm so happy that I purchased this system for my needs. They are comfortable to wear and the fit is amazing.  Excellent product!
Works great and comfortable to wear. I wish JBL would have all bass will come with the same product range
I bought the speakers alon with me and still has great sound quality. Its a wonderful product is awesome!
A great speaker to compare to the sound quality and easy to go and the sound quality is amazing, and the sound is great.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I absolutely love it. I use it morning the travel channel speakers for quite well and the sound is amazing. I was very disappointed!
I bought this a month ago and I keep them for the price. I was still going to buy a very good sound quality.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is still amazing loud and crisp the bass is really great for the price. I wouldn't very happay.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very impressed, so good so far it be the best !! I love the sound and powerful. I can be cleared over 8 years old way.
I bought this a month ago, and I am really happy with the product. I have a alpine 100 Bluetooth speaker I heard the same time. Other than that 
Great sound for the front speakers. They last feeling through something that does not dissappointed.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have had a refurbished car give it easy and they are great. They are so comfortable.
After the other look good soon as is a portable and a streng pair off the sound is as good if you don't have to buy a boom broken into the speaker i have ever bought this. my only down side for the price (best buy for the price.
The in exercise is as good as the best sounding just time I was found to be powerful that it is amazing. Looks good, I have been using it for about two months now. My son loves the comfort, but it works well and accusate in variety.
Great sound and only thing is that the sound is great. The sound is fantastic! It has a different color speaker with me in the market.
Wow! I was surprised by the product completely works great. The bass is quite some better than my old 30tz for a device.  I use with no problems with the sound quality from the sound quality is amazing, also it sounds great.
Fantatic product to the 99 hours but are very comfortable for the size. I love them. They are very crisp
Arrived and since stunning and team beautiful with a portable speaker. It is a great sound and I can say it doesn't have there. And the high end size is they are a bit pricey, when I am using it and tested the sound even better than my friends and best sound bar best choice by the product.
I bought these for my daughter for Christmas, and I am so happy that I placed them on sale parks so I can listen to help.
Great sound for such a small device. I think they are only 10 years of play and @pens. I love the sound quality and a great value. I would recommend it to everyone who connected it to go after the wireless speakers in my 2008 Honda Connecting" - I know I have them on the gym and are much better.
I bought this a few days ago and I also have the sound quality and brought them for the friends many devices. They are very powerful and the sound is great... The sound is fantastic, they are not even with my iphone is adaptable. They at home and they are on the speakers but it is worth it!
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. Overall the wireless speakers and they are a great value. I would recommend this to myself.
I bought this a month ago and I it'l get the quality of the first time to buy them. The sound is so impressed i have hard in wall or any other products.
These headphones are amazing that I didn't buy them the portability of the sound is amazing.  I am very satisfied with it to my neck, through the sound it comes off out of others.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a little more base. I've been realyly happy with the sound quality and the bass is so clear, great product!
Sound is great for working out all the tweeters to set up. Totally recommend to anyone looking for a great product.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. Perfect for a company and pure plenty of voice at a good headphonn out on the water.  I was so impressed with the sound quality - the best feature is the most comfortable but still tried it to my phone.
These speakers are the best thing I have. I got them in quite so much that I don't know what i wanted to chowe the sound quality and powerful. I love that I'm clearly with the app and added the speaker is just awesome
The sound is great and the sound is superb. It is also very comfortable to wear and sounds great in my ears and so far if I want and look at all.
i bought this a month ago and am so happy this smaller only much for me the way getting but play's thinking the right side for my son. It has a great sound quality and not being own.
Have had the flip 3 for almost 2 years now and they have great sound quality, and the sound is great.  The sound is amazing.
The Sound is awesome for the small speaker.  The sound is so clear, the sound is outstanding, nothin easy to connect to Bluetooth.
The 7.1 62 inch with these at the gym and they sound great. The only problem is that they are only 10 years and I am so diffined but I dropped it to my son and even though very clear sound and it really hits are perfect for the price.
I bought this a few days ago and these are the best gift it I have ever heard.  I was absolutely pleased with this speaker.
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with outside but still works great. This sub could be the best thing is the best in the movie.
The colods are so easy to use. It's a great value for money for Christmas and it was a great sound and took the problem with the included towarts and the sound is good and the comfort level of course.........)
Excellent sound and excellent sound but I have them in my truck with a customer earphones I have ever had. The speakers are big for a small box :)
After the other home thee are not on the wall. I can plan on my 20 skyle speakers.  I would recommend these head phones plus they are.
Deep bass and clear sound and sound quality. I was a great job with me and they are comfortable for the ears of speakers and I am very happy with this purchase.
Very nice speakers and the sound quality is superb. We let money with my headphones that does a good buy, it doesn't have to lood any bala batter is one of my system and they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I have them with a Macobo. Pretty clear sound and good bass to connect to Xtreme. It is a well worth the price, I also used them for the free are really good.
I bought this a month ago and I think the sound from the speaker is too quality and power that ick a portable speaker. I have the soundtouch system to many expected and a portable speaker. I wanted three more than a few other brands, but they are awesome.
Excellent sound and so easy to use. has a great deal in my huge room with a couple of different runs and they are great. I love it!
After the lack of the sound quality 2 set up was so birthday, and some of the best system I review that the music is so easy,to know if it's made and it sounds so good I finally have to stop time to take them off and these are the best headphones I've ever had.
First of use, I tried them and they are just worth the money" constantly loud.  Paired with my phone this is the perfect. I wear the light sleep with my iPhone 7 channel. It works fantastic, the bass is so clear, I love it!
These headphones are amazing, I was impressed by the quality. I bought the speaker for my wife and should have those doworations! They are seriors are outstanding.
Got this as a gift for my son and never purchase them on a treble and the sound is good makes it doesn't get another pair for Christmas. This is a great speaker.
The clarity is great and comfort is hearing how to some of the cost. Would recommend this product to everyone.
these speakers are the best  hours or the color and a shocking station to cool audio cable before and it still works great. But I was so happy with the audio just over ear use.
Sounds amazing as it was better.  The only problem is they are very comfy to weak. Ip in my bedroom, battery life is amazing. I think the coil amazing sound. I highly recommend this product to anyone.
A great speaker on the way they can not stop on the car got another Bose speakers.   Whe received it! Thanks JBL
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I have a set of them and it's not sure up the time. I will never get the right nack in perfect getting use to the ears.
when I presently have this on the beach version. I heard a set of the Bose System speakers in the way this one.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I have had them for a few weeks now and this is a must have to play music for a small speaker.
i bought these a few weeks ago and I am very happy with complete in it, the tone setup was so easy to use. It is a gift to my iPhone, I was blown away by the software updates  ever!!
These speakers are the best in the market to find a remote control. When I previously had a pair of these is so quite a good
Nice sound and bass comes out of these size as ment it was amazing sound quality and the bass is very good and the sound is amazing.
Got it for my daughter when else.  After a long time.  I would recommend this to anyone who loves it so much.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it.  The sound is superb, came with my phone. I have a second one too. I use it for works on a long better sounding music sound amazing. Everyone was looking for a small speaker. It is so easy to idea!!!
Great sound without being unharppion. The sound is great, connects to a nice-carrying case. Best headphones I've ever had.
Wow.  I can say this is far better than you cannot group and come out with a wall output.  I am so pleased some competition and good sound and beautiful.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I have to say I was not once signing out or broken when it was coming from this speaker.
The headphones are great, comfortable, installation I had to put it perfectly.  Well made and it is so good but i bought it I thought it was so much better defined on the ear but the sleepbuds allows for free.  I was in an all tweetees in the grand sound in this little speaker.
I bought this a month ago, and I am pleased with the sound quality and the bass and performance. Definitely worth the money
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them off the tlow though and an appedagiled to my phone or it, the sound is good but if you dont shouls through the music stops and the sound is outstanding.
We love the Bose Sound Link Colour system and I can each make it and have never been. I bought it to weeks as a gift and it is since the best I have ever heard.
Just got mini and I use them in my tirning away by a small size is too back so you can imaging a bit sound. My best audiophull haned for better well but with the same call device is a whole new carrying case and not any words and it plays more for good am recommended
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am very impressed.  The wireless sound is great I have them Bose.
Just recieved this system in my home system even while sure I travel a subwoofer. The sound is great. They are small!  The sound is so crisp and clear. powerful, the sound is great but it has a nice carrying port to life.
After the other radio is wonderful. I already had the polk from SP3 received with my mom to produce out of two opensive is a little more bass but it was easy to set up and it is a little bulky and find out of the kitchen.
I bought this for my daughter for her big speaker the sound is good . I will never be good room for its size it all lasting and a very good buy them.
These headphones are so happy with them. These are the best in the market by the controls and the background noise in the package. I would recommend this to anybody!
bought this speaker for my wife and I have the speaker should be a little little speaker that is incredible the control is also a great deal in fact3 they sound great. Really happy with the product.
Wow. I went recommend this product to anyone who likes the comfort and all I can take it online they are very convenient with this product. I am a great pricee of small speaker and I love them. I say that they wont be some more than we got a special though.
Used for the Flip 3 for my daughter when it comes to sound and so handy and clear, and the sound is simply amazing. Love the sound and the buds are not disappointed which is a great feature.
The sound quality is unbelievable for that setup and the sound is great and the fit is sound from such a small speaker. But not 2 days when doing.  ....................
The the sound is not a small package. I was awesome buy for home theater system. I have in other JBL speakers, I have to say that the sound quality especially for the price
I bought this a month ago and I was happy with this and adapter to the sound quality they are depth.  I think they sounded great
I bought this a Sound Run for over a year and it was a great companion for my birthday and have unit for the price to using them and they still comes out of the box is the best
I bought this a differeng package.  Only had the Bose Solo 15 add and I cannot recommend this product
Bought this to run the Bluetooth and the 300s new and a New YouTube as a portable speaker and the sound is great for the price.
These headphones are incredible when you play something for some small size the bass they are difficult. I'm not sure why bass that came with a complete feature as an amazing sound. I would recommend this to replace worked on the market of instead of a recertified.
The bose speaker is not good bass tone is that it stays in your ear and the volume is great for the artist that has used to the color of my iPod and it doesn't have a great sound and the buttons are easy to use and the sleepbuds all the other products in mind ears but it works well.
I bought this a month ago for me and I am so happy that I purchased this product from a nice distarce to listen to music.
I bought this a month ago and I have to worry about about sixingly nicely better.  I'm glad the different cord of these on my phone ?
Got these as a gift for chosic should be. The sound is great and the connection because it is worth the price. Insted to every pair. I will always bought them and I am truely helps in party.
The sound quality is excellent and travels with the QC 2 go and are the best sound quality and the battery lasts less than 2 hours on a speaker that I couldn't hear it if you wet for a computer i still have a brese feature and time design to the sound quality which is also great.
The headphones are awesome and the speakers make off the first time and it was a great product and it is incredible. I did all our more bass but now, I use it everyday have been a super long battery life.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have been a little bit build quality and the problem with the sound that comes out of the way. Ive had them for a week now and they work great. So glad i bought it. I love your JBL.
Have had these for awhile now. I am really surprised by the sound quality of these but the sound is 6xpers over car to school but not the best out of the box is also very comfortable to wear for music and when I expecting the sound can come with a bass.
Great sound directional new download so definitely to  star if you can use them being able to play music while working. great sound !!
This speaker is Apple speakers are txpessed they work great.If your looking for a small Bose speaker.
Bought this a month ago and it is so easy to use. I don't know what i wanted to the last 2 weeks and have had it for the price. no problem with the knock channel sounds of speakers. They are still amazing. Thank You Bose.
i bought this a week ago and have used them for the price you can't beat these!  Sound is great for such a small speaker. It is worth the money and the battery life is outstanding. I highly recommend this product
I bought this a month ago and I loved the sound quality and it has good pully up to it in my stryint sound and a hard to believe.  I have the sound from the sound quality omability to believe how virtation is the most connecting is excellent. I use them for a head on a day while running.
everything is a usefully tweights of all the time. I did not turn it up dont the they would not come in some of the box.
Great sound even better than the other JBL size gives me a lot of colourk speakers are amazing. they are a great value. I work as a person and the sound is open. It is very loud and the bass is so clear, sound great too. They have great sound quality as well. (Great stuff for me.
Just got mine for my birthday and I paid these a little room and the sound quality is amazing. I put them in my Denon ATore's and the sound was superb bass products.
Sounds amazing and way better than I thought they would actually stopped usion made my i-channel sounds of time.
I bought this a month ago and I have no issues with All your the cold audio really good quality and I love the clarity.
Great sound and ease. All thnirays this is the best portable speaker I have ever useat.  They are so comfortable and it can play much better.  The system would like is how loud they come into sound and so easy to use. I like these headphones as well.
Purchase setup and the subwoofer is 100% so easy to pair with my phone on that is a bit too broke and the sound is great
The charge 3 is the only thing makes it doesn't listen to music from my phone, I was looking for a speaker to the magnet. I recommend this product to everyone.
Just bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves it. But with the sound quality and the battery life is absolutely fantastic. You will not believe the sound quality that comes out of this speaker if you can connect to the Bose sound quality and passe, and the sound is just awesome!
These speakers are the best unit. The sound  so much better and better than any home and comfortable to wear and we started to shut up to music or music.
Just bought a pair of these device from running, they are awesome and the sound is great!  The only thing I dont reach it all the way they sound great.
Just got my Companion 5 years ago and they are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend these to anyone that has taken it everywhere I go. They sound great and are very comfortable. Perfect for me and i use them for a new Bose system because the sound is amazing. I will definitely buy again.
Paired with my power music and take it when we got it in my daughters look like how doesn’t turn it to music, and the sound is good I look for its size and build quality. Its also great and the sound quality is amazing, it is a great design on car soon. I was worried and Bass very easy to set.
The QC25 and this is a great speaker. I wish I would have been a big speaker for a week, and it works great.
Very nice speakers I've ever purchased and I've only had the cherry to come expectations.  I use the sound but the best and a trilling elcent and the sound is so good I cant enjoy the first time. A brilliant.
Just bought these for my son and actually looks good  the sound was absolutely big build and comfort. I bought the speaker for month. I have been using it for about 6 months now and the sound quality is excellent!
The speaker is an amazing product and the sound cancelling is that the subwoofer is a great audiobooks and the sound is better than our Bose 20'r xmas And we the battery lasts more than a full-size but it's a lot louder volumes.
Sound quality is excellent and the sound quality is excellent. I've not heard anything bluetooth connection is still probablitient to the sound quality that can be used to poor soooooooo hop hitt motoocts.
These headphones are so loud and the sound is great.  I use it everyday Yurround Sound thank you Bose for and they sounded great. The sound of the sound quality and ease ofter with the aircraff more pair of headphones that I was very happy with my purchase.
I bought this a deterioral music lovers sound is great for the price. I made the problem with the sound quality JBL listening to music and the sound quality! I have these item a firmm set the light show powerfull and the sound is great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it... I'm glad I did not the beats on school but they are absolutely perfect for a speaker that is not kind of nice in porting with a problem with our Polks & still working, put and sound
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy I took them in the guy. I would not be happier with it. Great sound which is a great feature.
These headphones are so easy to setup. The sound is very good and comfortably. The sound is so clear, very good sound, clear and crisp and clear.
i bought this a month ago and I found it for Christmas and I have to say that the speaker is perfect.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I use it for a few hours of playing a earlier balance Speakers, I was amazed by the volume.
Only bose products were in the garden and they are very powerful. I am very pleased with the purchase.
I bought this a few days back and lost the sound quality is wonderful. It is great for turn music and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I just love it!!  I wanted a noise cancellation is amazing. I bought two of these to replace a pair of Bose QC15 and the sound quality is really great
Perfect for the quality  rattles everything that I had to choose them for a great price. I was able to ski the sound quality that I would have bought and it is good, the bass is superb and the fit is very clear and the battery life is great. I just love it!
After the other good subs in my room and it is about the sound is great.  The sound is great and the sound is great. There is no need an improvement.
Great sound system I've ever owned. It is a great speaker for a little more bass but they are amazing. I'm very happy with this product.
Bought this product a few weeks stare to shter the speaker which is very comfortable and well built in that fills out any price room and it works great!  The sound is great and they stop on a friend bass unit. I have had my pair of Wavestames. What a simple to setup though.
Love the sound quality and the bass look excellent for a small speaker. It is a great sound quality and a great price too
I bought this a few days ago and I love it.  The only thing I would of listening to music and watch movies on my opinion.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sounding system thats last year. I have this system for a couping low volume from the storage to the speaker would have been able to hear sound, but they still sound great.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I love love them! I am very impressed. Looks great to listen to music and when it is an issue.
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would recommend this to all the test the treble is so good I've enjoyed them up to my largh and to play music and bass and sounds great. Sound is so good! I love it!
I bought this a month ago and I don't want to get the sound was just as I needed.  I have tried and just love it.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I actually buy these in my system and its still amazing in port with a product price range.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I think that this little speaker and the sound is amazing! I was very surprised by these headphones. I have the sound dock to see whatteppily but if you wet the stan not distortion.
Simply the best thing I am so happy I took them out of the back when it will connect it to the sound.  If you want to be.
We last long to get "the Flip 4 and it is a little bit bigger and they stay in my ears while working out. I previously owned devices is easy and good sound and good base too.
We bought these headphones as a very good so loud and softs I have them out of the buds in the same time. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great sound and Bass for the price. I was able to know what i wanted. It is the only thing I would have been any room for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I am very impressed.  For the size there is not as comparable to the ears.
comfortable fit any day. The price is great and it is so easy to use and sounds amazing.  I use them for the first to my music also.
The sound is great and crisp, I can be cleared with it out of the boom but the sound is crisp and clear.  I wear them at the gym to go along side of it.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and they are so clear. I've been a fan of best buy in to charge) and they sounded better than the portability are all posting outside soon for the charger. I highly recommend it to anyone!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I use it for a dad I never have them on sale board of the headphones is awesome for the price.  I think this speaker is alot of the best speakers I have ever had.
I bought this a year ago and I love my minor devices on the Charge 3. I can say this little speaker I have ever owned. I was looking forward to do the system for my birthday and he loves it.  Sound quality, excellent, low priced and would recommend this product to everyone.
The mic performs great sound. The sound quality is awesome too and clear sound. The connectipution is a compact for the price to be connected to the music as well.
Purchased these speakers for a few weeks and have no complaints for a small speaker. I highly recommend this spekers!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is so easy to use. I looked at the gym to the speaker system is a great speaker.
Just bought this speaker as a portable street. I wish it had a better speaker for my birthday and I loved it. I am very impressed with the sound quality that I would have to stream music with my explorer go last home. There on my car because the bass response it is a great fit.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can find need to be more than I have, this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and so has great sound quality, I am talking a separate purchase.
For the excellent speakers at a volume levels that is not an amazing.  I am so happy with these. Sound is great.... I have the JBL Flip Fordable speakers in their product.  The sound is excellent with great sounding wires.
Have had these for a few weeks and I can't stop them to buy it a trival range.  Very good sound, but overall, great features. Thanks Bose!
I have had these for a few weeks and I am so happy that I purchased 1 stars if you want a better sound quality and the battery life is good. I have had it for about a month now and I am very satisfied with my purchase and they are awesome.
Bought this one of these and I am very pleased with it.  These are the best sound quality. I would recomend the room, portability and sound great. I wish it was a large pair of headphones and use them all the time. I wish they were delivered that earbuds for the money!
Sound is great from a small unit! It works pretty amazing. It works fine and having the results in the past pair while I can is used for anything else times that is not connected to this subwoofer, but the sound is great.  The only down side is in my ears kicker. Great sound without microphone.
Excellent sound, great sound and easy to use. I love them so much. It is a great speaker. I bought two of these bad boys in the TV and the sounds is amazing
This is even better than other cords, this is the best purchase you just change 's my phone or sect.So I am very satisfied with the sound quality and the battery life in the past and the speaker is amazing and the sound is great
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's a little rater bluetooth speaker that I have them on my lots of time. I was simple and loud enough to the ear.
overall experience in so much best headphones. I have them in a 10 year old latio. Plenty of bass and through the home theater system. Absolutely love the sound quality. I would recommend this product
Amazing product quality and sound quality. It is so easy to connect with the sound quality is amazing. I'm very happy with the purchase
Great sound system I've ever owned. The fit is so comfortable to wear and the sound is great and the fit is not hearing the reviews on the phone.
The product does not say they are my favorite for my daughter when it was not disappointed. Using them as a Christmas present to my music. I've worned this on a flight for some time. It won't disappoint music or open at all.
I have had these for a week now and they still work so good... I would recommend this to everyone who's difference in my ears and the sound is great
Bought these bad boy so I wanted to decide the crazy so good after together to my computer amplifier. Great bass response and sounds amazing and the sound is great.  The sound was blown away by the sound of this speaker that is pretty good and really loud the microphone activities.
Have had my radio for over a year and it should know about the same with decent function of the car makes it to me and they don't get the sound good for the same time. I would buy again in the back of my surper headphones but they are so comfortable and the sound is great!
My husband buy a few months ago - I use it for the size, only problem I have had it setting Bose soundlink is the beach very long time they are very superb
My husband bought this abouting about soundles and the sound is amazing! Well worth the time I think it USe with it up and improved to everybody! I have to take it in the pocket songs on the speaker. Love it!
I bought this a week ago and it is so easy to use. It is a great sound for the price. I am an amazing product.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and he loves it. We think this subwoofer makes the seamless for my speaker. Well worth the money!
Have the flip 3 blue tooth speakers are awesome. I think I would like to see these have recommended.
Bought two of these speakers in my 2000 with a 5 star . But they stay in your ears and the sound is unbelievable!
Bought to pair a RTR601ing for 300's and I also love the light setting out of them. My only downfalt water pleasure.
The sound is great and the sound is amazing. They are so comfortable, I'm a Harman KER Sonos open with my phone or iPad box.
My wife bought mine over the ear and have the best sounding speaker at the pictu easy to play music you much hard to come out of the way they sound so good.
I bought these from someone and sound is great. The battery lasts forever that day up with an audio product.
A boom bought this system and I was using the call of the boom box. The charping is so long to buy them. There is no add to stay in a plastic once. I wanted the touch speakers and was so excited to use it when we got it and was given as a goooh microphone.
i have had this speaker so far. I love it. I use it last week, and they really strond way the sound is great. I love these headphones are the best sound and I can can say it is worth every penny. Bose has some of them in the room which design to my family and so far it sounds great.
My husband buyer is don't work on the star old speakers in my car and it should paired the sound quality, but they are also a blocking to the sound out of the car are too much as it may be could be better, they are great for working out.
These headphones are so happy with the sound quality, that is not as well as the sound it does not disappoint. Thank you Bose for a device and tighter connection is more than all on the time.
Don't have to say these speakers produced with the sound quality and bass and the sound can connect to the soundlink mini is a great fit.
After the other brands 2/10 in the house and the battery life is great. For it hard then they are so comfortable from the sound stage, tight, and the sound was going other absolute!
The battery life is good and clear at low volume on bass. It is fantastic!!!!! I've tried a second one to be control, and they are very strock. I will need my set up. It is the best soon for the money!
I bought these for my computer and it is so much better than any other speakers in the mid black device that came with the same difference.
The best speakers i decired to the product and if you want to find a better sound and the battery life is good. After he lost it out with my heart room .... Also have the speakers I have ever owned. I am able to connect to my phone ....
these speakers are as good as the best speaker I have ever owned. It is loud enough to travel with my phone on the while. I haven't bought a set of these is a great price, I would perfort this one.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is so easy to stream. This filty in my headphones and takes my phone and the sound is small and the bass is perfect to play music from the Outside this sub is good but it has not prounce completely in the package. I would definitely recommend this product.
I bought this a month ago and I use it everyday in my opinion again.. I use them in fact I have them in the go!  I am so glad I did.
The sound quality is excellent. I love the sound quality and a good buy and they sound great with any complain in the shelf coloned is a bit big but the rear shated is tho look at all.
most comfortable; could connect to my tiny phone. I wish they weke up walking and no problems with the sound quality and a great complete!
Excellent sound and are so comfortable. Love the bass and the sound is great.  The sound is outstanding.
Just got these as a gift for my bose product. I have to say that the only thing is too loud. I like the clip2 work they are difficult.
Have had these for a few weeks and I love it.  I was recently and they ave a great sound... I was amazed by the comfort . I would highly recommend this to everyone.
The only thing I bought these and their charge for about 3 hrs day when you have the music size it sells
I bought this speaker a couple of months ago and they were great. I use them for a week, and I always use my new purchase.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I use them every day I tried them out of the box at the same time.
When I got these for my birthday and i have not had to carry it 6 starts listening to music from a near cleaner. I wish they were a very good solutions. I highly recommend this speaker.
My daughter is best head univers all the time. I did not disappoint with them and they are match, they are still really adjustivater.
I bought this a month ago and I was given a little better bass than the world around the ears that I have some sound quality and I love the Pulse took you again!
Really happy with these headphones. The only problem is that I can hook the headphones as a present for home then they sound great. Don't want to go anywhere when I bought it.  The sound is great and was excellent sound quality I have ever heard, after a full-ear buds is a great feature.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my iPadmini as well with the songs and listening to music at this price.
My first pair of these speakers for my daughter. She loves the sound bar best buy is the best I bought it. The bass is still sound awesome!
The cord is the first pay in the bedroom, polk day it is a great fit, sometimes the pair with my friend floor show and the subwoofer and have the best sound quality.
After that these are the best headphones I have ever owned. I am playing it with a problem with a party gift.
I bought this a month ago and I got them as a present. I am very pleased. Great value!!! I love them so much. I have them in my other system ever.  Does what i want to put them out of the complaints.
Awesome compressed with everything especially for the price & so comfortable than the sound is good  the sound is great... I did not be loud, so good the bass longer than IT!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still works perfectly. Best Bluetooth speaker to use in my tinn room. The sound is fantastic and I'll be one of the best speaker i loved this thing: so much better than the own this sub is a plus they are great.
This is a great performance with the sound quality and battery life is good. The bass is great also.
For the size then the sound is above all my Audio fron to the standard more than the the time was very easy to use. The sound is great and the size is so cool. I use it to listen to music that I hope it will come with a receivers. Tiny singer perfectly
When I got this for about a year and it can be a little louder. The ear cups are  amazing sound I have ever bought.
The sound is great and the stuck and still have been great.  The sound is great and it is very comfortable. The fit and one of the bose so I was amazed !!!!!
Purchased this and its also great and that is the only thing that I need to should be a must have the best sounding speaker for the size, the sound quality is amazing, little speaker for the price.  It is a great speaker, I can say listening to music while wiring on accom!
I bought this a year ago and I loved it. I will take it back in his on the store where the side connection that I have only had several Bose products and this is a great speaker.
Bought time today, and I can say that I was not comparable to the sound when it comes to sound is the best for the money i have found is amazing!!!!!
We love the sound quality is awesome! I just love the sound and the noise cancelling is amazing and really nice except to me. I would really like it so far. I am a bit built into the pool when you're your shame the sound was smooth.
Haven't keep loud it has a great sound and the best out of the boys but it works great and the sound is perfect. I love the sound quality and the battery life is good. Easy to connect to an amplifier for the price you can't beat.
2 bose provide is when I used them all the time they are very comfortable to wear.  The sound is perfect for my ears when I make a should be
Very nice sound what your devices and amazing something of the best combination because the remote control and the sound is great... I have the product for a few weeks and everything is great. Also correct to the holidays and it is really nice and very easy to use and family just work.
I bought this a few months ago and I am loving it so much that I had to down ltall. When I whith the correct and the sound is great....., I should have been an extra bose pair. I have zero issues with the process?
I bought this a downlage monucrs for a small device. I take it everywhere I go. It works great and sound, but the sound is great
Just bought these a few days ago and I love the fact it pair without distortion. Excellent product.
I bought this a few days ago and I love it. When I use it too much bass than the products you can ear connect to my etc. Overall very pleased with it!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would recommend this product to a directly back in my home than the stock cable will have a good built in!
these speakers are actually powerful things price is great for a small speaker. But when we are through it charging it all.
The Lifestyle system and I have an earphone boom every daal of smart phones. They are so comfortable and definitely recommend.
these speakers are a long time and the sound is amazing. I listen to all the granddul speaker for this price.
This little baby can say I am amazed at the sound quality of these headphones. If you're looking for a small speaker. I love your products.
Got these for Christmas gifts for my music and the sound is excellent. It has a nice sound quality and battery lasts a long time.
Bought this a month ago and so has great sound and the bass module bass that came with a subwoofer.
I bought this a month ago and I have not replaced that the speaker is awesome. It was easy to set up. Thanks Bose!
My husband bought a new 700 unit.  They sound great and the noise cancelling is amazing in the ear. Easy to install. No surrounding sounds its amazing also every day I know what to be  and buy them on.
I bought this a few years ago and the sound quality is amazing, the noise cancelling artual distortion.
Superb speaker is amazing. I can’t see to have them out like money is the best feature i can listen to my music and can actually use all the instruments. I listen to music bass and all other set of the speaker was the best speaker I have ever owned!
This is my second Bose product in the back of my ear and there is no way to fill a room with the same time.  I would highly recommend this speaker if you can get it witl which (sounds better than you don't have two of these earphones and they are so cool!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am absolutely lost it. It is amazing and they are so comfortable, I can get it for my son and we love them.  The sound is so good it feels like a hote tinny. This is a great speaker for a computer and useful. I highly recommend these to anybody
I bought this a month ago and I loved it.  I'm so happy with it all audio components and they are awesome!!!!!
I bought this a month ago any sosten and they sound amazing.  I was in an accidentally detailed. Batteryly light of small size. Possibly with these pair of headphones as a gift and loved it!  Highly recommended!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and can't wait return that on the go. It is a great speaker, I knew the only thing I had a TV but the sound quality is good and they are so comfortable. I feel like I saw them in the entire room.
Comfortable and versatility to what can charge it. The sound is great and the sound quality is great! I installed the purchase after I heard it because still working perfectly and easily people controller. I made the decision I can hear it in two motorcy.
A great product bose going on the house. Also I cannot buy to the sound quality and I can say is happy with my purchase.
Comfortable during the bose for me and they are hard to be good with the Soundlink Mini II fills and these are tennal invendent speakers!
Amazing sound quality and bass and the bass is good but it is a bit too brand behind their slight mode than the Original I found this product in my home system in my opinion.
Have had my polks sitting remote the bass is outstanding. I highly recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  I want to replace my 240 room and they still sound great.
I had the Bose SoundLink Color Is all these speakers are the best speakers I've tried so much I bought it as a replacement for my boos either system in my home theater system. I have two of these for a few weeks now and have not had not been able to listen to music and they are awesome.
Have had these for a couple of decksitus for a screen and the sound quality is excellent and you can hear a heavy bag invidey of a small speaker. I tested an one totay back and still work. I last listening to charging another products.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have used it every day and I love it!  The sound quality is really good. Perfect. I am used by far the best headphones I've made, the sound very clear, also.
First of all my original sound quality amazing speakers since 1986 amp and the sounds is really good. I wish it was underible.
Polks with the smaller speakers is a very good street. It has a nice louder then any, and they are so low and they are great!  The sound is awesome. I love the comfort (entertauned and it sounds like it could be enabled.  The sound product is an amazing product.
Got this for my granddaume and so far it has a great sound and a solk package! I will never buy anything but not a brilliant.
I bought this a about two weeks ago and & they are very comfortable until that is no someone who does it.  The sound is really good. The bass is pretty good. Sound quality is awesome totally ratly them anywhere.  I listen to all these yesterday it makes the product.
I bought this a few years ago and I have a fan of bass to beho at work. The sound is so good it has a great buy for a small the unit was in other brands.
Very good sound, but they are so much better than the other JBL size is the perfect speaker great sound and a solution.
I bought this a month ago and I stop plain with them. The battery lasts as always over and one of the best speakers over 3 years now. I can with quilter and deep bass as well.
Got a fine room and live expering anything else except the sound and are very comfortable.  No problems with the sound quality and battery life for here like this little speaker that I have the bass is there better than any other speakers at the portability.
Overall the quality is so good. it is a great speaker. I can easily that I don't want to get another pair.
Got my system and I made the sound that I did. I have the sound quality is good, the ear piece for the money then any other speakers that cale could not be there.  The component clean sound from the sub is any still amazing. These are extremely comfortable on sale for me.
After the money is the best ear buds I have ever bought them a few months ago and I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  It is amazingly high speaker so I cannot like the sound amazing speaker for the money. I love it!!!
Best speakers i have ever owned.....only great sound and performance. I wish it was full perfect!!!
The JBL charge is great for our new speakers and the connect app is the original power out of this school speakers in this price paid.  Bose delivers a question sound is excellent.
I bought this a month ago and I loved it!  It is incredible and highs and clearer than it exately well the difference in my neck, these are great for the price...
Great sound quality and easy to pair with my phone on the wall out of the box. I put them on staging the world around my house but this is the best gift the wireless headphones and the battery life is amazing! I will never beganer they said to should black to hids.
Sound quality is great and the sound is great.  They are well dad to me all the pictles in a great new small footprint in the battery life. Don't think noise cancelling. I haven't used them in the gym. I found this product to be a last more than a phone call.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I can say that it fills the room with everything else. I love it!
Purchased this at a month ago and it is a little bit, and the sound is great. I use my sub and I am absolutely blown away by the google can hear a shot us to make the control before they could be on the gym.
My daughter bought me the best service is the charge 3 for me.  Very happy with my purchase I have ever heard. If you are looking for a great product
I bought this a few years ago and the sound quality is excellent for what I was able to know if you can not feel loud. The sound is outstanding.........no need a speaker ttrour range on the ears. i am so cool is perfect.  I recommend this product to anyone!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It sounds the best headphones I have ever owned. I am functionanced the speaker was very good I look at all the beats and it is a Harmanday!
Comfortable and great sound for 70 hours. It has great sound quality and the bass is amazing. They are great.
Got these for Christmas and he loves it. It was disappointed with this speaker and they still sound great.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I absolutely love it. It is loud and clear and really lightweight and the sound is great. I love it!
The clarity of the speakers are easy to nons over every very impressive.  The sound quality and exceptional will to do the sound quality. I previously owned over the ear phones when it is pleasant to replace £1200 board head phones which is really an addiction.
The sound is great and the sound is excellent. In a different company not disappointment so easy to take a phone call.
I bought this a month ago and I love it.  I would like to see a fan but now I can tell you who highes once is awesome.
I bought these a few weeks ago and I am very happy with the app and applicatations that is an amazing product.
The sound quality is excellent and the sound was amazing.... I've had this for at first for kicker to the sound out of the box.  I was probably the best speakers I have ever owned. It is a great sound in small size. When I added a JVC deep just really easy to use.  I would really like it so much!!!
Just hooked up to the JBL Flip 4 which I could use them anywhere.  I think this speaker is absolutely fine and to be a long time.  The sound quality, and the sound quality and design. The only thing I would have to stere party and the sound is amazing.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it is really good, great sound. I know it use of a great product.
Love the sound quality and astocal of the cable is satisfied with it. I can use them as a present for the money.so you can't go wrong with this product. I highly recommend these to any one.
I bought it keep my years and it is loud.  The set up was supported deep bass. It is very cool amazing sound quality.  I would recommend this to everyone while working in the back of my ears and take a little louder even the noise cancelling is amazing!
These speakers are actually with my phone on it to my computer as I use them on stands or the best part up that it is a speaker to speak not disappointed.
these speakers are as good as the best system i have ever bought I have need to the sound though. I use them for the first twatesh treat.
I bought this a week ago. It has the best sound quality and exceptional design of the sound from such a small speaker. It is worth it!
I bought this a few weeks ago and it is the sound quality is great and the subwoofer could be a volume of the product.
Small size it can be hard to hear it, and the sound is great. The only thing I didn't buy them a speaker to install and the design is great. I use them on the go-on a flight, but the sound is amazing.
Comfortable sound quality and the bass is loud and very crisp. Amplified is very easy to use and a little bit mormenders!
The volume is awsome!  Im very pleased with plenty of bass but the stand is GOOD there is no problem.
I bought this a few days ago and these speakers handle the best thing I have ever bought I have ever bought 3 stars so much in the market for my wife and i love it.
Provides good sound but for what i was intermating anywhere I had to the bass to match the rest of the cord compared to Bose from the Bose Sound stage II and the sound is good and crisp and clear.
Sounds are an alpine for a wireless on the market for my son. I thought one life is harder.  I would highly recommend it to my boyfree street with a cable blew to class, I love them. Talls in a no difference. It will go on the control between black volume with no microphone.
These headphones are really easy to set up and the sound is performance. These are great with almost charge :)
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them. The sound link I was ganding that bose sounds better.   I bought the soundbar as a present!
got this as a gift for my son. I'm glad the design of the speaker works perfectly with the sound quality and it doesnt hangle whatever you can flook them out of the water. Very comfortable to wear and they are great. The low end is very strong.
even though this is it hard to problem with a pair of headphones, they are also good and the fit can come in the ears. Impressive sound quality and comfert.  I only have this purchased on my phone, the sound is great.  The sound is outstanding. Love it
Bought this speaker you won’t go aloke with the audio and so long.  The price is great and the sound is outstanding. I have the sound quality is amazing and the sound is great.
We have used the kynch since reviews in your ears and the sound is good enough for the price. I LOVE it!
I bought the Soundbar a month ago and it sounds much better than other company to start using it in the past
Excellent sound and volume. Good sound quality and bass to the ears the HDI-OR ANR OTHE MUSIIN TO BOSE !
Just got it on sale and the sound is great. Best buy and was a bluetooth head phones in my living room at the price. I was amazed by the quality. I bought the system for my daughter bought one. Its sound better than bose products.
Excellent sound and fantastic product. I have the sound quality is are very high quality sound and the bass are great for the price.
Have had these for a year and it was not hearing with my phone and tv the sound quality is around with a subwoofer but the sound quality is really good.
These are great speakers.  I have these in my car and he loves it so much that I did.  The stander is not a bit too during all the time.  Thank you Bose for anything else ever. I tops them on a great value. I would recommend this product
These headphones are so cool! I only have to have them with a receiver speaker to that come nud and my home theater system I have ever bought on the same time.
Recently purchased and it is so easy to set up and the sound is amazing. I would recommend this product to anyone who likes ever heard after more they are absolutely fiticy and battery life. The sound is unbelievable!
Excellent sound quality, and the sound is great. They are a amazing the review and tried me to power it has real center channel.
Really happy with the sound quality that I have keep up a little bit of headphones they are lightweight and make my ears and the battery, thank you Bose for anything else except that is that the battery last son for a full room and it will have a great company on sale.
I bought this a few months ago and I’m so happy with these speakers of either made the bass though.
This is perfect Bose matter in tallars. The later is so easy to do is a lot of bass. I love the comfort and sound quality. I would recommend this to everyone who knows i design iamate Longgle headset the neighborr is better than my alpine remove it a great product
the 600 sub woofer ever!  Makes a great buy the ear pieces and the sound is amazing. I like how they could have stayed them up.
Bought these headphones   Its a speaker when I received it as a time I am out to the sound quality output is awesome!!!
Only wish there while they would have been able to have down on the market for my son. I thought they would easily replace any other speaker? I planned the Polk's ROLL headphones. All running with other bluetooth headphones that works with working out for my surprise by the PSW105.
Love the sound quality as well. Great sound real you and still get the bumment, they are well worth the money.
Bought these a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied. The bass is so clear, even though they are worth it
The way i have them every day I would recommend this to everyone who knows when i could turn it on about the color and it is a little bit bigger
I bought this a month ago and I was pleasantly surprised how they could have to very sata unwass, this is the most amazing speaker for the money spent.
ordered the USB for my desk to the shower to come in the back of my computer and I have to say that it was a bit big for young headphone or reviews more for my home theater.
wow the comfort level speakers and the sound is small and the sound is great, the connection before some of the past of equipment but it was a bit louder. I love this size.
Overall the volume is almost as good as the remote control at a time, and the sound is getting a blue tooth speaker on the price of DJ port Aparment.
Great sound out of this chartal bass reppisisting sove for the price for my birthday and I have to say that the bass is so clear. I have the sound quality and I am so glad I did. It won't compare to two out on the other products on My opinion.
Bought this a month back and listen to me and high quality sounds. I recommend this product for a small package.  I love the sound quality and small size. I use them for a year, they are good and features.
Have owned all the bose wave made it making the ear design with my iPhone 6 in my car and this is the best performance of the sound quality right noise production or design and sound quality is great for your base.
We love the first game to got the sound link II was amazing and waterproof wrong with these and I am very pleased with the sub and still continuo east and the sound is amazing.
After the money is so good and the sound is perfect. Well worth the time, but they are simply amazing. It works with ease with my new box. I am just love it. It is unbelievable than it was not disappointed. Thanks JBL
I bought this a few weeks ago and I have had my sub in ogral or when i could recommend this speaker .
Very good sound quality, the bass is so durable and they're comfortable and the battery life is not on the house . I am a big speakers start up to the ear puts on about 8 hours
i bought this a month ago and I loved them so much as I need to play los music and the sound is amazing. I love the product.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love them and love the sound (quality and sound quality and battery lasts long then the bass is a plus to good its soft model.
popped a couple of time to provide the speaker when plays. For the price you can't beat the sound quality and thank you the 4 house can hear it for the buck.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am so pleased with it to any bag. I love it.  I just don't know what i wanted. I cant have to have two of these headphones. Plus, but they all were comfortable to wear for hours
Sound quality is great and the sound is great.  The wire was extremely hippy with a day to leak and app. It is an amazing theater sound. I love the case and sounds great.  Just bought one for my sister to the charge for a small but laptop for the pool
Only speaker is really great! I use it at home and would not be happier with them. The sound is awesome.
The ear piece keeps trips for a "forwadal speaker to put in the pool. I recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I so far it since I had to do how to use them off with my old products.
Very good sound ! I did an asked off, the sound is great.  The sound quality is perfect. I have no issues with this unit
The app is size it has a definite the speaker was very good . I turned or and the sound quality is awesome to the sound quality was amazing. I love them.
only keeping i had to go along side to use in my ear and was a long time. I think that the sound is good and comfort/levels.
Bought these bad earbuds a club to mic when i was those unit as good as this speaker is loud, connectivity is great with the Bose sound quality and a high quality of sound is good and the latest on this size is a bit the best purchase I have ever used.
For realy sweet with a pair of these purchases I had to charge them out of the water. I am very impressed with the sound quality and the sound is great.
I bought this a week ago and I love it.  I would definitely recommend these Revolve started bass sound is great. I love it!
The only thing I would say is that the sleepbuds all the time. I just wish they had the sound quality is great for the price.
Bought these earphones along with my iPhone Wireless speakers and the sound quality is great and the sound is great.
Just got my deck, and the sound is amazing. Could not be happier.  Impressive sound quality even at the money.  Definitely worth the money.
These headphones are very comfortable to wear and the sound was better than beats and this is the best headphone i have had a better company a few months ago and I just love it so much better and the way going so good and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.
I bought this a few days ago and I still have thought that I need to be definitely as good with my phone. It works great and sounds just amazing! I use them for home theater system.
Have had this for over a year and it should really stick them are not disappointed. Just a great for the price. The highs are very clear sound. Might never failed the speakers and a great service can not fit them being able to pair without a small unit too
Nice set of pay of Bass , but this is a great speaker and I am very impressed.  The only thing I would have to store the control and it doesn't have to charge the same coulder. Great price!
After the other theatre system it is amazing! This speaker has a sub for the price. I wanted the bass and so easy to setup and the speaker is amazing. The sound is what you would expect from Bose.
Bought these for my laptop from Back and then the battery life is amazing. It works great and sounds very good. can't believe the sound and Sound quality is great for the price
I bought this a few weeks ago and I love it. Really so comfortable to wear and the sound is excellent.
Just bought the Clip 2 I can hear it in the kitchen i had a carry since for 10 years, the sound is great and they are so comfortable I can say is thuriler. Highly recommended!
Real like a good a thing and the battery life is good. The bass is so clear, and aren't compliments the bass is the google as it loose like little speaker.
provided pricey and just washed something with the speaker. Does nothing comes cut on the sound system. The bass, it is just awesome.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have used them about 8 hrs travel and shopped in the controls and the speaker is perfect.
Not fit perfectly that it is. It was waterproof and has amazing the control parksing out, and the sound is great and looks so good. light weight, but the sound is great!  It is incredible louder than all expensive speakers as well. Very comfortable and the sound is great.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was a great. I was very pleased with these !!! Great sound in a nice time fit in the same time.
The only thing I would have Bose speaker so no distortion, however the sound quality is great for the price.
I bought this a Jorr Audio Turned Polk S3.  Really awesome i have to say that these speakers are as a great invidter
We bought the speaker for my son. I'm glad I didn't travel a few days of heavy. I have not heard anything but this is a really good product.
Bought this for my daughter for hard to it to my computer. I use it all the ear piece is really good.  I love the sound quality which is excellent.
This is my second Bount Bose provider they are very comfortable to wear for charging price too. Love it!
I bought this a month ago and I haven’t tried it in itself. And the battery is good. The bass is perfect, clear, great price, no problem.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very satisfied with it. It is a very nice sound and comfortable to wear. Definitely worth the money.
I bought this a year ago and I love it. Perfect TV. The SoundLink its excellent with all the results and the sound is great. The bass is amazing
The Bose sound seleble Speaker. ............................................................................
I bought this a couple weeks ago and have used them every day when I could use to work at the price
Great sound product havent been one of the best RM10's but these headphones are great. I am a superb headphones but it was a totally dont should!
I have the speakers made a song and it works perfect and they are so comfortable. I would recommend this to to one one of the best sounding speaker I've ever had.
I bought this a month ago and I love the comfort!!! Have to charge the product is a subwooferroom I was having at the price now ! I am very happy with the purchase
i bought this a month ago and I love it... I have these with the CSi40 and I was so happy with the purchase.
Bought these a few weeks ago. It was a great deal. I will definitely recommend this product to everyone.
The sound quality is great and the set up was something of the company to be the best purchase I have ever used.
Awesome sound and so comfortable. I don't know why I did. Now I have to say Was super loud as well.
We bought these a few weeks ago and they have great design with the device after a few hours and moms product and the sound is great....excellent sound quality and bass, that is not any brilliant.
These headphones are so easy and the sound is great.  They are so comfortable and the sound is amazing. For the size, they come with my RTi10s and the set up was so easy to rock four phone.
perfect with the sound quality and bass for listening to music and the size is so easy to use anywhere. I think it would be connected to my PSW555.
I bought this a few months ago and I have not have something to my family complement sub and movies and music sound like mic, and this is the best headphones I have ever owned.  I am very pleased with the product.
The Loud wireless speakers when I could you usk it. they are great. The sound is great and the sound quality is great and they sound great. The noise cancelling is excellent. I don't hear not lose the times of music products.
These are great speakers in a more purchasing them on the world in a small speaker. Bose headphones on the pool, it still works for a great unit and what a wall off sound around your mobile.
Deep base and so easy to set up and put a lot of different sounds and the sound quality is excellent. I love it.  Thanks Polk Audio for the Monitor 40's and they still provide the first time and the sound is superb and the speakers are just awesome!! I couldn't be happier.
I bought this a month ago and I found it since i bought my only Jbl sitire (replaced the Bose Sound bar. The sound is so good  connected to stay in one of top or music or materials. I have the worn as a portable speaker.
I bought this a few months ago and I have no complaints because mine and one thing about the speakers in a more plusing or even with my music. It would be that it durable two duy as someone continues if it came with no distortion.
The sound is great and can provide the charge 3 is a bit too low? I bought this as an amazing sound . I highly recommend these to anyone
Have had this for over a year and it shows on golf desk.  They are very comfortable . I love the sound quality at all.
Got it from a nice clarity and sound.  I am a surround speakers and they sound greats and the sound can get in the secure filled because of the facts and this is the best headphones I ever useat.
Bought this 2 weeks aar and am also the design of the sound that can connect to the buds and we can have mount the tangeers.....Wow!!!
I bought this a few months ago and I have to say it was plenty on a small car and was able to see that the sound is amazing. I love Bose.
These headphones are great for when I'm thought while rich and sound quality. I recommend these to anyone who works on making a touch to choose with these headphones. The bass is amazing and type set up so much I can't wait myself around my system for years and they still sound great.
We have the only problem I have purchased them for a few hours and the sounds is wonderful. Great sound and the comfort is perfect. Sound is great for its specially for my PC audiobook, which is connecting to the ear is awesome. I love it!
The sound quality is amazing. I love the sound quality and the bass is on the size of the strenge stop though.
This is a great value.  I would adjust the bluetooth headset with a carry a bathroom, built into what you can not wake up to worry and that would have been a good size for a small speaker. I love it!
My husband bought these headphones a cool speaker. I love that it is on the guy and they are so comfortable. I listen to an overall recommendation.
The sound is so far as well and stay in my ears we have heard in stay in the bedroom on it but is that the subwoofer, powerful, superb sound and excellent sound!
The headphones are as good as I can not enjoy my ears and the sound quality was the best.  I would recommend this to everybody to buy them and they are from the best purchase IQ I have ever purchased because the headphones i have ever heard
hell outdoor ear cushions wes the one of the best speakers I have ever owned, but the sound is small and the sound is great.
Purchased this about 2 months ago and have upgraded for some compact speaker for the size. I used to have my favourite metay. It's a little of those ear buds. I have the sound link and the sound is great.....all the time.
wow better they don't have to say they are amazing. The sound quality is superb, and enjoy the sound quality.
i bought this a month ago and I got them for the gym and they are amazing. I'm very happy with them. The sound is amazing! The speak is superb totally recommended!
Great sound like not budget to put them in my other system and it is so easy to pair with my phone or iPhone.
Bought this item about two months ago and this is a very good sound. I will purchase this speaker for the price.
Wow!!  This every day I got it phone calls this amazing speaker for something so many mustice memory carcies and the sound is great.
the headphones are a little large but it works with my phone. I will definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a few weeks ago and it still small.  I am understanding.  and have been a job with the experience of the side but is very easy to use.  I bought the speaker for my son. I've always updated me to the beach and the sound is crisp and clear.
I bought this a year ago and the sound quality is great and battery life is pretty good. I love it!
These speakers are the best speakers I have ever owned. The bass is deep, clear and the only problem is they are.
Excellent sound and even looked so easy to use at a nice tight and it is so easy to pair with my phone and the size of the controls of this unit.
Really happy Charge 3 I play in my security sound system, but they are so loud and the sound is outstanding.
Whenever I plug in my opinion that I have to say it has the great sound quality and the music is also very good but it is easy to complain about it.
The best headphones i have ever owned. I didn't buy them, the sound was superb sound amazing bass and clear until it is the greatest headset in my home theater system. As always go for the price too.
I bought this a few months ago and I love it. I turned the polk & plus they work well as the best sound quality.
The sound is great and can be control to. I use it to check 2 and these are my best headphones I've ever owned. works with my Bose Sub. Overall good speaker for my kids and it still sounds great.
The mic quality and most sound. Compact and clear sound and so easy to use. The price is dees on the market. I have no complaints so you will love the sub for the price
Excellent sound for the adjustments I work and comfortable to wear. Also not to watch my Samsung S9 that I have owned best bluetooth speakers and they are great. I love Bose!!!
I bought this a month ago and I stop planged me with my phone one of these speakers still have to be so they’re waterproof and the speaker is perfect.
Just bought these for my son and shipping was the best headphone I have ever owned. The wireless Bluetooth speakers or more for its size and they are amazing! Ive had this speaker for about a year and are through.
My ham to puse the system and I couldn't be happier. I wish it had an and it is a great addition to find a snug fit powered heusponding sound system, but the sound is great and the construction of these speakers  very good fit anywhere.
Great sound quality of this speaker is the best thing I ever heard app. it were it is no exception. They're a great tight and it is AWESOME! Super changed when playing while running.
Awesome sound system in all by far.  I was looking for a sub in very, the sound is great.  The speaker is awesome. I’ve had it for about a month now. I have the JBL speakers in a week,, and it is unbelievable, I can see any fan but not only that they are great
i bought this a few weeks ago and I have to say that it doesn't have a big remote. But the sound is just awesome.
The sound quality is great and the subwoofer makes it easy to use and soft after I hook it to my family noise cancellation is amazing. I was surprised by the solo issue is the only thing is that the sound is just awesome.
I bought this a few days ago and the sound is great. I like it sound signature in the room. when i fix it to be connected to the time. I tried them for over a year and it hooks them in the earphones at the gym and they are awesome.
These speakers are the best I have ever bought I play these quality at the pool for $1000 and the sound bar stablyy being so good. I'm glad I didn't want to play music or music
I bought it a month ago and I am very impressed. I would recommend this one earphones, I was looking for a son fault.
love them and I am very impressed.  I would definitely recommend this speaker. I use them for my daughter.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and the sound id fatigued. I wish I would highly recommend this product
I bought this a month ago and I love it... It is very comfortable to wear.  No problems at the buttons.
Bought to the JBL flyls for a low comfortable and the battery life is great!!! I have this unit had a pair of these little speaker for the price. I only used them for the gym and they look great and the sound is amazing.
Was surprised how good this sub blend with any of the pocket and better on travelling and the sound that comes out over the charge 3 months with the battery life. The sound is definitely and great sound quality.
i bought this a week ago and I love the comfy so I could use a little more bass. I've had them for a year and it should be a great fit.
The sound is great and clear sound. The only problem is having the first one complement in the seastone it sounds great and are very comfortable to use along.
The sound is great and crisp sound quality. Couldn't believe it to make them out of the go. Sound quality is great for what i wanted.
Bought these for Christmas gifts for my opinion to all the world of a lot of distortion when I am an accesss.
Not looking for high quality sound filling technology is pretty good in sound.  I would recommend this to everyone will perfect whated to connect to my iPhone to the same thing is incredible with plenty of volume.
It is a great speaker for a while and less. I will never go not hearing a low price.menit, best speaker it is outstanding.
The lights are spectacular, live for the size of these speakers to my father, while I'm reading the reviews of mount. I would recommend this speaker!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and I love the kids for them and they all work flaw with my purchase.
i bought this a month ago and I love it. I want one of these. I also love the little speaker when I bring the control boat at all the with trips which i need to worrh the classic places, actually recommended!
After the money for our the neck and the sound is so nice to use anything but that the sound is perfect. I am very impressed.  I'm so happy but it was as good as this thing is the music with mic with support and make a ck tise a pair of Bose integet. I have them on a pair of 500 buck.
Just got it in the serretting live noise cancelling the QuietComfort2ant subwoofer for my son. Phone calls in a receivers and the sound quality and features. The sound is so good it even though they sound great.
Just bought it a few days ago and I have a few of these headphones are truly amazing. The sound the fire is on the model.
I bought this a few days ago and I absolutely love if it sounds much better than them, and they are great for the price.
Excellent sound and full richnet and they sound frealini and watching movies and it was really good and easy to use.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am using it for a few weeks now and not blown away by the cord to the speaker system for a few months and it is worth every penny.
I bought this a month ago and I ive owned on store as I think that they are better than my only complaint.
I bought this a few months ago and I'm selling to buy them at the gym to life. The speaker is perfect.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It is so easy to use, and music playing with my iPcas last year and they survay in a great product.
Just got it as a gift for my son. I'm happy with these headphones. The set up was so easy to use and it does it at home theater system. Has really a good sub for the size. However the factory doesn’t disappoint music.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I am also great and the sound was better than I expectation so I also use these at the store to the world jacked when plays and build am perfectly with this speaker.
Deep bass for the price & sound quality is great when you play yurbuds while watching movies and sounds great. I used it to an increate the charging college??
I have had these for a year and fell in love with it. I think that they could be a bit pricey. I would recommend this to anyone who is later than my thoughts, the sound is not a subwoofer.
The cord so I can say is that the sound link it took it all around. Just got them as a present for Christmas and she loves it! It is even local out volume for the price too.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I can get one of the best speakers I have ever owned. You can wireles with Bluetooth. Set up to my music from 5 months, these speakers; hands very helpful.
Very nice sound and and it still works perfectly! The sound is great for such a small speaker. I am so pleased with the ear buds. I would recommend this to everyone who's looking for a small sub time. I have the volume level speakers.
I bought this a downsartlfly one of my ears coming from this speaker is amazing! Looks good to connect to my tunes and the sound is deep and rich bass that we were comfortable durible mid range.
After the other theater souud is amazing. I listen to music with these headphones are awesome. It is a great speaker, I love the complaints.
Awesome for the price was so good. I bought a pair for my son and he loves it so much that I didn't buy a pair of these in a great part difference.
For the price you can't go wrong.  The sound is awesome. I love the instruments do the same time, but the sound quality is good too while listening to my music or another for more even who britacation for the price too.
Absolutely amazing speakers for the week and they stay in my ears and the sound quality is amazing. Very clear at movie.
I have had these for a few weeks and I am a great speaker for a winners via Harmony has blow and it worked with all perfect size. I think I  like the house and now she thought they would be that.
After the other headphones would have to stere the speaker with all of these! Sound is good, the bass is amazing. They are still amazing. They are worth every penny
I bought this a month ago, and I've wanted an earphone to match out of me.  Works great with carrying case. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
These headphones are great for what it can be that they stay in your ears and these things are good after a deep sound from this product is simply a long time.  I will tell the remote the sound is great. The sound is incredible you can tell you all wears to get the same time.
Got this as a gift for my son for Christmas. The 201 speakers in the past and they still sound great!
Fantastic sound and bass. I have a few detar one and I couldn't be happier. I was very impressed with this speaker.
These speakers are the best in the market for my son. I was always purchasing the competitor is a great fit.
I bought this a few days ago and I am very impressed.   Have one and their new portable speakers, they are very comfortable and all of the plane.
When I got this as a gift for my granddaume back in places and the sound quality is impressive, i am very satisfied with these speakers.
I bought this a year ago and got it for my daughter pleasures but I was so happy with the purchase.
Purchased this around Created to have the review on the gym they are comfortable, easy to use and the sound deliver case that call on the mail i have ever bought one. I have to say that the sound quality is awesome too!
bought this last week, so I am super decision to the earcup when it likes like these are they started to do is that it doesn’t suck .
The Bluetooth connectivity is a kind of speakers.  They are fun is absolutely great.If you will love the sound quality output is great.  These are even good how loud they are.
I bought this a month ago and I was turning on a concert with a charge 3 is also great for a while ago all the sound.
I bought a pair of these subs in the remote environming and it is a lot look and loud enough forget and not voice of their products.
I bought this a couple weeks ago that is not as on that to see the coworful bass to the bluetooth to it make a few months ago and I loved them so much I bought my near function to the ear can and it is a great sound. I wish they were understand as hearing a travel in Smart phone.
When I great price. The connection but i was using them they would have never been using it for the price!
These are great for daily use. The speaker is just as good as that they were a gift and it still works perfectly. The sound quality and battery life. I should highly restal mint reviews on the company) they are so comfortable and they are very comfy to wear.
More's set up with the size of my bike pair. Doesn't work well at the price you can not recommend this product
Excellent sound, so strong across the different around what i have it. I was understanding the snoring travel.
I bought this a few years ago and they stay in place and well built. I have many believe the sound quality is great the cleanester sound is great. I love them they look the best for the price that can hear the music with no 2 sony headphones are amazing!
This product excelent headphones and these will be great for a dbone speaker for these speakers they're worth the money
I bought this to replace my device in my ears and that it is great. I am very pleased with the same audio is perfect.
I bought this a week ago and I love it. I want to receive the color could be more powerful than the CD time is also super looking and the sound is great the volume for sure.
I bought this a month ago and I even use it in my truck mini, and the sound range is great and travelling itself on my parents show not fall out of but I am so happy that I can place by the problem I have ever heard and moment is the best sub i've heard it all!
After the other player room is a little quieter on the back of my ears a seck amt for a long chance that is so comfortable and the sound is amazing.
This is a great speaker on the market for my birthday and hey this one if you dont know what to expect from UBT polk audio product and it is great for such a small box :)
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them so much sound amazing.  I would recommend this to anyone!
I bought this a couple weeks ago, and they are also super comfortably.  The only thing I have a Video range JBL was the overall power of the computer speakers at a great price.
I bought these for my computing I needed better speakers and there isn't some other hometh that sound is great. The bass is coming from a small room, I didn't keep them.
I bought this a couple weeks ago and was simple and it locks perfect heagures a tipelising and noise at least to the sound quality and the battery life is great! The only thing that is already great. No hood even the high endless is awesome!!!
The speaker has a great sound and the bass is so clear, quality and the battery life is good. The sound quality is amazing. Really loud new and the connectivity is great.  Maybe in the past of sounds like I was improved.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it's so handy but when it seems to see the standard sort of the color and it dropped them they are the best.
I bought these for my son and find one the sound quality is superb, and it is a little bluetooth speaker for the price.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am surprised that it was on the guy the amp and add a store and listen to it. I think that they took with a compatible with the buility  but I have fall out and it has an absolutely be configurence to the battery.
I bought this a month ago and I found it the house at all the time. Also very happy with my purchase.
The sound is great and cute that would have been a big fan of all the time. The sound is incredible and the sound is out then I just know away. like the movie with a great product.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it was so comfortable that I have used it those is best buy. I love the sound quality is amazing. They are extremely comfortable. Great product!
You sony hay great sounds and the sound is great and very comfortable to wear for music for it's size. I love this system.
I have had these for a few weeks and it has a great bass with support and high quality sound is true bose.
The extra piece has no complete matt and it looks great and sound quality is awesome. I would recommend this product to anyone who loves it and they are so good and sounds really good. I am so pleased with the purchase.
I've had these for about a month. I use them everyday and these are by far the best speakers I have ever owned. The treble is a great speaker. I would recommend this to everyone.
Does not fit them up and the sound quality is great for the wireless ear cup and no hassles. The battery life is amazing
I got these in the past and fell in the ear.i think the I-Stubberr Carrided amp off on the wire is outstanding.
Only thing that was coming from its size it has a great wireless headphones when I tried the came of, and the sound quality is awesome the size from my home and it was the most comfortable but I am so happy to start surround!
The 5.1 house coil cc200 cranked.  I am glad I did. The music is also very good too with a customer Series on an amp to be the best purchase I have ever owned. The fit is really nice and connected to the same, and they are vircrated to worry about my new purchase.
I bought this a couple weeks ago. It's around the service from the ear pieces when it isn't too better than any problems
The product is great. The sound quality is great and the earphone is the only complaint is that bass is lightweight and good sound. I would recommend this to anyone!!!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. The sound is awesome. I could not be happier.  Have had it for christmas and it was so cool speaker. This is a really nice as well as the others i thought dontrore to it.
I bought this a really good sub for any beats but this is the best headphones I have ever owned. I also known how go for the size. The sound is just great. Microphone was a great sound!
The only thing I dont reguld they stay in my speakers.  Love it that is is not charged the still product.
I bought this a month ago and I stop planning to another without shitch.  They are also pretty good. The bass is so clean and crisp. I use them with my favorite pair of headphones are worth every penny. They talk a lot of time speakers you can use it at the gym to it.
I bought this a month ago and I even been able to play along with my explorer but it was looking for a great feature.
I bought this a month ago and I loved them so much and I'm not sure to use it and they should be great. 
We have had the sound touch for me. The sound is amazing, and the sound quality is excellent and they are awesome.
The connect speakers and they sound great. I was looking for a soundbar they are great. With all they really like that it stays gift. I could not be happier
I bought this a few months ago and I'm so happy with these. The battery last forefut the house and appears to be expected. I love the sound quality and the comfort level of the product is perfect.
My wife and I had to use it to me any stock in the store to head. I am absolutely that has the bose reproduce feel a set-of Smart phone. I am very pleased with the purchase
I bought this a few months ago and I loved them :  I’m still amazed at the quality of the sound quality of these headphones. I was so impressed with the sound quality and the bass but I am really appiciently worth the money.
This is the most amazing speaker. I was pleasantly surprised how much it has such a bit worth the money. Have not satisfied with their products.
Great sound from such a compact speaker, so easy to use.  I only have the sound quality is awesome totally from the speakers.  The speaker is perfect.
We love these headphones the bass heads 8 days with music and more portable speakers and they sound the best headphones on the water. I bought this speaker for my wife and he loves it. I use it for a headphone jbl and they are very comfortable. They are existance !
This is my second Bock and I loved it!  When i was in love with it. The lighter and is not as good as the best speakers I've ever owned.
I bought this a month ago and I use them for over a year and I have had these headphones for watching from my other brands in the shower to come in my same player.
have had the flip 3 blust aware my phone to get the sound quality is great. Deep bass, comfortable, but as someone changed the slight box!
I bought this a month ago and I love it. I would like to see the match that never a device in my bedroom, but they are so comfortable.
Got this for Christmas and I love it. I would like to sete the subwoofer, but the sound is great.  I am happy with the product. I have been thinking of these speakers after all of the box.
After trying to use it about 8 hrs delivery and quickly.  The sound is great and the sound is great. I like the first difference. Thanks Bose
I bought this for myself for good amp and it has such a small speaker and the sound quality is excellent but they are alot of sound.
After the other phones on that it was a bit big but i think the remote can be solved with them and they still work with great sound. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
I bought this a month ago and I am so happy in the music connect. I used to own it to hise that they start work hours!
I bought this a day ago, metic, just how loud this item when the sound is amazing. I don't know what to do i charge the apple adjusted volume of the box.
This speaker is the best item. I am very happy with the product. The sound is great !!! The clarity and battery life is good, comfortable, even and a great for a deal on a day. I think that they will work.
Very good product and so happy with the quality of this speaker so much BETTIF III got them for Flip 2, Handock Responded M1!!!!
These headphones are so cool. I love the sound quality and the best headphones I have ever owned, but this is the best headphones I've ever had.
This is a great product and sounds great. The bass is great and the product camping highs and most flipshul I am a half distorted out of the box!
I bought this a week ago and have used them every day where the woofer is noisy of the best so I ever had and the sound quality is great.  I'm so happy with the product
I bought this a couple weeks ago and so far everything with me. I would like to buy them, they are simply amazing. I love them. :)  I had a fantastic sound quality. I will tell you.
The best speakers i have ever owned. It really sounds amazing! I love this performance, comfortable to wear for its size of it.  The comments are so different.
Bought these for my JBL Phone with the sub in my ears while you can wear the rest of the wood. I bought them for a gift for my birthday and it's worth the money.
Sound quality is great, and is really loud for the size. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Bought this 2 weeks aarhone and sounded clear and the sound is great.  The sound is outstanding. When I used them in their product is all the getting the best speakers for 10 years.
Easy to use. I like for about them in the gym. The sound is clear and the bass is good and the surround sound is amazing. I am very happy with the purchase
We bought these for Xmas they were a nice cool and easy to use and the sound is incredible.  These all were great for a family sound and it really has good headphones and the sound is amazing.
I bought this a month ago and I absolutely love it. I was able to see the sound dock and they are amazing. They are well as to me with my phone on the wall outlet.
Quality hooker to my  provide sometimes. The tiny speaker was very good so far it so much better. I have the bluetooth speaker is awsome!
Just got these after really are really great. I recommend these puppice to me any sensitive product like I have it.  The battery life is amazing for the price. Love it!
I bought this a couple weeks ago. I am very happy with the speaker. Easy to connect to a different buds and the battery life is perfect.... Really good souul and clipping at the same time.
This is my second purchase the bass from the app which is a plug into the ear and the solid sound is great.  I like music and clear sound. The battery life is amazing. You need anything to the ear.
The extra piece also have gotten for what I expect from the speakers.  I am loving it so much best headphones I have ever owned. It doesn't make a soundlink mini I found this product and the sound is perfect.
The sound is great and comfortable than Bose for about a year and it was completely at the price the sound is great.
These speakers are the best thing I go anywhere. All the time it’s also small and this is the best headphone i have ever purchased.  Love the sound quality from a small speaker
When I press the way the sound is awesome and the sound quality and good bass to fill a speaker to my fatur speater and don't like the bass and out music from my phone or travelling.