I bought this 4 months ago and i'm so happy with it, but it gets dirty really fast and i don't know how to clean them
Quality of sound is uncanny, this is my second product that I have bought from Bose and I am nothing but impressed with it. Sound is deep, you can hear all frequencies. Super crisp.
I have owned two of these speakers. The first was a gift from my brother. The second one I got myself. The sound quality is spectacular for the price. Great value. I take mine canoeing because it's splash-proof, and I can charge my phone from it in a pinch.
My Mom bought these for Christmas and they are amazing. Dang near sound proof at 10% volume. Great sound quality
The audio is amazing and the App is a MUST HAVE with this, i fell asleep like a baby with the ambient fire place sound and lights!
Bought this for my daughter which was recommended by her after seeing cheap ones abroad, but decided to get one from JBL itself couldn't believe how loud they go without loosing sound quality.
Sound is great. Bose sound is like no other. My CD changer went out 3days after I got it. Called csr svc was taken care of in a week no hassle. That issue would not keep me from buying another Bose product.
Was surprised with the slight size at first but true to their reputation Bose deliver on quality... used it for sports, movies and music and have yet to be disappointed... good sound quality across the range and looks smart in front of the tv
I just got these after having them on pre-order forever! and they are by far the best sounding bluetooth headphones I have ever had. They are worth the money for sure!
I had got this a couple of months ago and have been in absolute love with it.  It sure is well worth the money.
These 35's are totally increadable.  The Noise cancelling in Bose is beyond anything I have ever experienced.  Roadwork resurfacing was going on outside and I had soft guitar music and had no noise interference from outside whatsoever. Bose technology light years ahead!!!
Bought this about 2weeks ago. Im really happy with this soundbar. Sub has deep lows, which i love. Like someone said before, it shakes my whole room, so my neighbors love my system as i do.
I'm not one to write reviews but I really like this product.  I received it as a gift and was skeptical. I'm surprised the sound quality was so good.  Also, the battery lift is excellent. This speaker is extremely convenient.  I use it more than I thought I would. Definitely recommend it
Very quick and easy set up and the application is excellent. Punchy, clear and immersive sound as you’d expect from Bose. Had John Lewis price match it so also great value. Will definitely be buying the SoundTouch 20 within the coming weeks.
I got these subs from fry's electronics and I didn't know what to expect from them until I hooked it up to my KICKER ZX 2500.1 CLASS D AMP! It handled the power every time like a champ! I would recommend you this sub/amp combo.
So far so good and WOW on the sound. Great performer and POLK customer service, if needed is THE BEST!! Keep up the good work people. Matt Polk, your invited over to my house for a steak and a movie. Bring Ken Swauger with you. See ya soon.
Small Packages! This this gets loud, its clear, and the clip is solid. The bass gets better if you lay it on the table and it has a 3.5 mm cable to save battery. Don't listen to complaints about bass...this thing is the diameter of a coaster.
super good i bougth this speaker and the sound is really classic from JBL sounds like a whole sound system
bought bobe 30 about 3 monts ago. so far no problem with it. connected in about 3 minutes and was playing music in 4. use it almost every day especially on weekend gatherings. souns is great cab adjust bass from ipado or android phone. easy to add other music streaming services. love
i bought this yesterday and havent stopped listening since then. awesome sound quality for sucha small speaker. loved it.
I bought 2 jbl flip 3s from currys and I am really happy with the quality of the sound it give a big sound from a small speaker battery life seem to be good but I've only had them for a few days.
Big sound from a small box. Easy to connect and use. Works perfect with iphone 5. A remote would be a great addition.
I bought this a month ago and i am extremly satisfied with its noise cancelling, comfort, and the quality of sound. It is worth every single penny. Since i bought the Bose QC 35 my Sennheiser PXC 550 is collecting dust.
I am so glad I bought these they are the best. They sound just like my plug in JBLs I think it is the company all I have from speaker to headphones are JBL best company ever
I bought one soundsport in-ear headphone recently and find out it does not quite in-ear. I am looking for tips which are more in-ear. Does this stayhear ultra tips fit to mine? Does this product come with two pairs or just one? Thank you
I love this speaker, but I’m curious if sound is supposed to come out of notice sides of the speaker (front where JBL logo is). It feels like it’s quieter than than beforehand or it just in my  head?
I bought this to enjoy music while cutting grass awesome sound. Couldn't ask for anything better and lasts forever
I just bought a pair of these on Ebay. It took longer to figure out how to turn them on than it took to connect them, and both were less than a minute. The sound is truly spectacular for a speaker of this size and price. Highly recommended.
I bought these to have more bass and they deliver. I like the different size rubber buds that come with it for a custom fit in your ears and that they are angle to fit better in your ear canal. Quality product for a good price. Just what I was looking for...
I bought the speakers for on sale.  They are working great for surround speakers at this price.  Works well with my Denon Receiver and Cerwin Vega front and center channel speakers.
I have had my speaker for a few years and love it! Bent the tip of my charging cord, need a new one but don’t see it on the Bose website. Where can I find it??
I bought these several months ago and I am so happy I did the sound is amazing and great the headphones are made well and are easy to use
I bought the Bose Solo to enhance my tv sound and it does just that. I find it really comes into its own with music concerts. Classical or Rock and everything in between. Absolutely brilliant.
Just received these not two days ago, and they are amazing! The feel on your ears, the look, and the enhanced sound quality, a perfect choice for anyone's first pair of headphones.
Awesome sound from such a small speaker. I bought it for my daughter and my niece and they both loved it.
I got a great deal on a new lifestyle system and glad I did. Sounds exceptional, very innovative with cell phone functionality, and love the ability to set up to my TV and Pandora
I was hesitant at first, wasn't the one I went to the store for. I bought it because it was $20 cheaper. Wow am I glad I bought it. I clipped it up in my kitchen and can hear it all over my main floor. I love that it's portable and the clip feature is amazing. I will be buying another one!
The sound bar is incredible. Classic bose quality, extreme volume. You can us it for normal TV, movies or as a wireless speaker with it coming up as an option on Spotify as a speaker. Alexa is also very useful. Such a sleek design, and will improve your home cinema hugely.
Just bought them I used to have the Klipsch tower F2 but they were too big took too much space in my Apt with the rm95 I got the big sound with smaller speakers thxs Polk
These Subs are the best. They do not sound like crap (no e). they are much more clear than JBL speakers.  GO POLK!!
I just recently purchased  my first Polk audio products. I bought 2 Polk MOMO 12's  mm2124. I hooked both 12's in a custom box in my 1989 Camaro RS running to a 1000 watt amp. All i can say is that they SLAM!!! They hit much harder than my previous mtx 6000s & my kenwood tornadoes
Bought this around the Christmas period and it is simply amazing. I love to hear the bass when it comes to music and these headphones do just that.
This little box puts out amazingly full sound with more bass than you would think possible in a little package. About the best Bluetooth purchase you can make when it's on sale
If like me you're overwhelmed with thousands of Bluetooth speakers - you need look no further. Stunning sound. Heavyweight speaker. Genuinely impressed by everything   Packs a thumping punch although it does 'woomper' a tad too much close to a wall. Best heard open and loud. Brilliant
bought this speaker about 6 months ago when it was launched and is great  for indoor as well as outdoor  great product  go for it
Bought the SoundTouch 30 and was immediately impressed by the range of the Bluetooth and also by the room filling power! The app is easy to use, wifi and Bluetooth were simple to setup.
I listen to ALL kinds of music and this is a great overall product.You can't please everybody but this is the bluetooth mvp.
Finally made the investment in a home theatre system.  After extensive research and much confusion I decided on Polk Audio.  I have a small room and the speakers were just the right size.  They sound great for the price!  I would recommend them to anyone.
We love this  ear bud style sport headphones, only issue is the rubber is coming loose from the base. Bose is covering it for us, so I'm a happy camper and so will sh when her replacement come to us
Arctic to Atlantic pacific to Indianocean bose ear phone is the best.I forgot so manytimes the head phone in my pocket washed in wasing machine. nothing happened . it shows the quality . you guys are the best . no words to say. Bose Rocks like mountain
The headphones are very comfortable. They stay securely in my ears while working out and connect to my device easily. The battery life is excellent. Overall great product.
Simple. Nothing else gives a better sound. Well worth it and easy to set up to PC and Tablet using the app. Just remember to check if adaptor is required for adding a turntable. I got one before delivery so all ok.
An excellent replacement for the RM30/RM302 series speakers. In a more asthetically pleasing design with even better sound.  They're a little larger than the outgoing model, but look better with the newer flat-panels and provide a wider, smoother image.
I purchased these for family members as a Christmas gift. These were a big hit and the delivery and ordering process was flawless.
I have been using the the in ear style since 2000 when I had the SoundSport® in-ear headphone for my iPod! They are comfortable, totally worth it. The only thing I wish was different is that you can hear/make a phone call and both ear buds are activated.
I've been using mine now for a couple months and they sound great, comfortable to wear and the carry case is neat. Only thing I have found is that occasionally the sound drops out momentarily even when I'm well within range. Has any body else experienced this?
The E65BTNC headphones have replaced a much more expensive pair that broke (cracked headstrap) after ordinary use. The comfort, product features, and evident solid construction of the JBLs make them exceptional at the price.
I purchased thre first wireless soundsport headphones after wasting my time with several of the popular brands . I didn’t go back . Bose headphones are the best headphones on the market. The truly wireless ones are incredible sound and comfortability. Don’t waste you time buying anything but boss
I recently lost one of my Enhancers, I have the focus 200 model. I also no longer have the box, but how do I know what size to order?
For a bluetooth speaker at this price and size, it's worth getting. The sound is not only crisp, but can also reach high volume for any scenario. The battery is also my favorite part.
I got it for my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVED IT! I got it shipped to my house in exactly 24 hours it was so quick i was so surprised. The sound is amazing! 10/10 definetly reccomend.
I have purchased it yesterday and didnt go to office today. I have been streaming music since morning. Loving it !!!  I have only one query. Is it safe to connect the soundtouch to tv?
i bought this speaker about 2 months ago and i love it everybody at work likes it i use it to see movies , play music and i use it while i bbq
What size! What sound! Amazziinngg. The very first time you will pay your hands on this product, you will know that it is packed with some awesome stuff and the rugged body assures you for long life.
I was stunned when I walked into a local pawn shop and found these beauties staring at me . I brought them home and was floored my the sound and having a pair of the rti38 I already knew I had been blessed my finding these rti70's at such a good price . if you can find a pair grab them !
Love them. Perfectly balanced clear sound. Connect quickly. Fit perfectly, use them for cycling, gym, mountaineering. Highly recommended.
p.s. It should also use a normal size audio input and not the sub-mini version. The result is that you have to carry around the Bose cord.
Bought these a few weeks ago to replace the dash speakers in my 2000 Wrangler. Huge upgrade from factory, and a slight upgrade over the Kicker 4x6 speakers i had previously installed.
I bought this about 2-3 months ago and it is working perfectly. It charges and lasts for a very long time. It hasn't broke yet like my other portable chargers have and it's really durable and gets the job done!
just replaced 2 qpower 12s with these. they hit harder so far. still got the 800 watt amp, and im pretty sure its not pushing them real hard so im fixing to put a 2000 watt amp on them then they should shake my world.... these are the bust subs you can buy for a hundred bucks!
I bought this just over two weeks ago and its safe to say as the title says its money well spent. Its easy to assemble. The sound quality for such a small system is incredible either by just playing music on it or having it go through the gaming system.Would without question recommend this product.
Great sound for such a small speaker!!! Superb design. JBL really thought about quality.  Worth the cost.
Like to have music when mowing grass , in weight room at Y &  on my stationary bike I have destroyed so many wired only earbuds and headphones .OMG I hate to think of wasted cash and aggravation  Sound quality blows earbuds away .
I got these for my birthday 1 year ago and love these so much better than beats better sound and tones than beats go with these headphone then beats
I purchased these to replace my third pair of 'wired' Bose Quite Comfort headphones. I love them!!!!!
I have this small bluetooth speaker pass week and this is perfect for outdoor activity like going to beach. Its waterproof and has a small footprint so you can carry it to anywhere I wish they made the battery life little longer but for the size this is great
I spend about 4 hours a day on my computer and listen to my iTunes library while I do. So my wife won't be bothered I use headphones and JBL's over the ear E35 are the best I have found for the price. They are comfortable and deliver great sound quality.
Color is great, sound is excellent, kids are happy and easy to operate. Hope it's just as durable as it is good. Very happy with my purchase.
very comfortable, sounds good, controls my ipod well, good cust service, had issue with first one exchange was easy
Excellent build quality. Mated with Polk RTA 12c's it's in the front end of an awesome Home Theater. The 12c's are over 18 yrs old and still sound great. These 3 speakers will be the front three as long as i live..
I've loved Polk Audio once I've heard them at friend's home. I picked these over TRi10's because I knew I'm gonna need a woofer. All I wanted from my speakers was power & and clarity. Bass; leave that to the woofer.
These are nice speakers for the money I bought mine At Frys outpost. I also own a pair of Monitor 60s and these sound every bit as good and alot cheaper nice speaker for movie watching or music.
Pretty good speaker, and good price. But I have heard Flip 4 has a little bit better sound. So, if you think between Flip 3 and 4, go for 4!
I went to the Bose shop and my first reaction was; "the noise cancellation!". These are the best headphones i have listened to, next to the Audio Technica ATH-M50X and Sony MDR-1ADAC. Also the staff are very helpful.
These speakers let you see, feel, and experience all the color in the music they play.  Even at higher volumes absolutely ZERO distortion even in the subwoofer!  Thank you Harman Kardon for offering such a great bargan, I would buy them again and again and again!
I have used it to record strings, woodwinds, and horn; and everything sounds very sweet. Very well balanced, smooth highs, absolutely no harshness. A great tube microphone.
These are by far leading the noise cancelling market. I have tried other headphones for the around the same price bracket, however none of them sound as organic and clever
Best portable speaker I've bought from JBL. I started with the Flip 4 and went to the Charge 3 then the XTREME and now the Boombox, it has such great bass and very loud. Perfect for pool parties
Excellent Sound Clarity :) Loved It:):) My wife gifted me this.These are the best bose ever. I have been waiting for over an year for Bluetooth noise cancelling.
Amazing sound quality and noise cancellation. Very good battery life as well. The one thing I would have liked better is that when I am using them for a phone call, the headphones pick up every sound around the room and the person on the other end of the call hears it all.
I love this sub, sound very tight. It's work perfect for the size of my room. Because of the popping noise. I have too return the sub, other than that I have nothing against Polk Sub.
awsome sub.i got 2 10 inch in a q-logic sealed box hooked to a 350 watt max kenwood amp and i think its puttin 60x2 4ohm and a alpine indash.this pounds.my buddy has a audiobahn hooked to a 1200 watt amp and mine blows his away awsome awsome sub.
This is exactly what I wanted.  Great value for a great quality speaker!  The bottom piece has rubber on it to keep it from sliding on surface.  I wish that piece was a little bigger.  It seems top heavey
I still have my original SoundLink Mini speaker and it has made the trip from the USA to Brazil and back several time in my backpack.  I take it with me during photo assignments within Brazil and it just keeps on going.  I would be at home or leave home without it!
Having owned over a dozen JBL Flips & Charges and giving them to all in family the Extreme is the JBL Monster of sound. If you like bass here you go! The portability, quality of sound cannot be beat. Personally I love Bose Headphones, but in the world of off ear sound JBL is No. 1.
I’m a high school student and this is a great option for listening to music at home, on the go, or anywhere i go. This speaker has great sound quality and is super durable, I’ve taken it into the pool and it has had no problems. 10/10 in my opinion, really recommend!
I've had this speaker for quite some time now and I love it I'd never give it up or toss it out it has great sound, battery life it's beautiful I recommend it to or any of JBLs products to anyone I really do
These slam! I combined them with a pair of jl audio components in the front. Loud as he**! I would recommend to all. Great High,s even good mid bass.
Really good sound. Deep bass. I think now is the best portable Bluetooth device to make a noise party with true sound. But unfortunately The device was not equipped with a portable charging of a 12v or 24v car cigarette lighter socket. detriment
All around great sound and very confertable only down side is there is a little lag when watching movies.
Everything is good~! One thing that i feel uncomfortable is the part that i can lengthen earphone. Its sort of stuffy. The rest of things are perfect!
The speakers are exactly what we wanted.  Just installed them in our living room and they look and sound great.  Installation could not have been easier.  We are using these for general listening, not surround sound, and they work perfectly.
I did not think it was possible to get great sound out of the small speaker, but it is great! Very happy with this product .
the st10 is my first bose speaker system i've used the ear buds before. it's compact, stylish, and sounds great. even when i crank it up for Free Bird! plus the operation/controls are at your finger tips on your phone or tablet
I bought this to use outside when I barbecue. I have a different one and the sound is poor, especially the bass. This JBL has really clean clear sound and bass that doesn't distort. Really glad I got this and at a great price.
Sits ideally beneath my tv and looks like it is part of the package. Now able to hear much more of the dialogue without constantly changing the level of sound. Universal remote compatible with tv and DVD player is a great tool. Highly recommend this product.
I first saw this beauty from my son's friend and i loved the fact that it was small, compatible with any android and portable. Fell in love with it and bought a few to give away this past Christmas.
I got a killer deal. $20 on sale and you couldn't get a better speaker. Great volume,responce, and connectivity.
I Love my bose sy;stem . I use it alot. It is the best music system I have ever owned, I saw it at my parents house, and I had to have it. Sometimes Mom and Dad do know best, .lol.
I purchased this microphone a month ago for my home Karaoke setup.  I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality and sound of the mic.  It has great wireless range  and is easy to use.  I also like the fact that is has balanced XRL outputs.  Highly recommend.
The sound is warm yet very detailed. Sounds good before burning in but after burning in it sounds amazing. The stainless steel scratches easily but the scratches should not be visible under indirect light. Also very comfortable IEMs, you could sleep in them with no problem.
I am very satisfied with the sound and quality. The only thing that needs immediate improvement is the durability. They are not cheep or bad quality but they can be much stronger.
Great sub woofer have had it at least that I can remember about five years.I usually keep it low (loud bass)for my wife.Have had no problems with the woofer.Hope that it keeps working for a good while longer.
These were a Christmas gift.  They worked fine until I had to re-pair with my tablet.  I am told the connection was rejected by SoundSport.  Not a happy camper.  Very frustrating.  Also, as mentioned by other reviewers, they do not stay in my ears.
I bought this for my 18 year old daughter and she loved it! Has the best sound of any headphones that we know of.
I purchased these two weeks ago upgrading from a pair of QC20s as I wanted wireless for my IPhone so glad I did.  Sound quality is amazing , traveling by train 90% of background sound is gone I,m Free to concentrate on my Music !!!!. Amazing Headphones , great app so comfy to wear .
I bought my set in 1998 to use with my stereo Amp and let them grow with my surround sound system.  Now my system has Polk Audio center, rears and sub - the RT5's match the rest with such balance that far exceed my expectation.
I bought this about a year ago from Costco and it gets the job done. I can hear the voices during TV shows, it used to be terrible, especially sporting events. The bad news it does not put out a full rich sound for music. My 20 year old Wave radio sounds so much better.
Absolutely incredible. The bass is amazing and the quality of the music is great. Very useful when travelling and the battery life lasts for a long time. Defiantly recommend this speaker. 5 stars!
Kick ass speakers. In my car they sound better than any bose speaker i've herd. if i had my pick i would choose a polk audio speaker any day over bose. i'v had people ask me if i had a system in the trunk of my car
Great sound and a fantastic range of music to choose from. Excellent back up service from the help team. Would recommend this SoundLink to anyone.
First pair I bought I accidentally left at hotel on vacation. Bought a refurbished pair but Bluetooth wasn't working right. So they sent another pair. They work great. Great return policy
The sound is amazing and the battery lasts a long time.  The only issue in the black on black power button is flush with the housing and hard to find in low light.
I wanted a set of headphones that would provide good sounds without being overly expensive. And I’ve been enjoying my purchase ever since.
It would be nice if they came in xtra small because although small size, after wearing for about 1/2 hour, they start to make your ear hurt and are uncomfortable.
I bought this about a month ago. I love how easy it's find my music, the presets are so cool. love the sound, after all it's Bose. Thank you!!
Recently upgraded from my JBL Flip 2 to the Flip 4 and satisfied with this product. Quality base & sound. Volume levels sound good at high levels. All in all, I recommend this speaker to anyone looking for a quality portable bluetooth speaker.
Got this around Christmas, and it hasn't shown any signs of aging, I use it at the pool, I use it in my room. Great sound quality, all my friends want one now!
i bought two flip 4 becouse the extreme is much havier but i have no complaining very light hold for 12 hours like its supose to i really recommend if you want a beutiful sound and preatty loud sound flip 4 is for you
i usually use my system to listen to music/watch movies but the sub could be a 10" or something so it can put out more bass...and not be ported
Great pair of headphones, especially for the price. Reproduces high quality audio excellently. A must have for any audio engineer.
This small speaker was definitely worth it. It plays all of my music clearly, and is fairly powerful for its size. The battery life has also proven to be great!
I purchased the sound bar 300 along with the sub-woofer, when I purchased a new television for the family room.  The speakers fill up the room, it's like watching a movie in the theater.
I've had this speaker for a few months now, and I gotta admit - it's awesome!! The sound quality is great and the quality of the product is awesome as well.
excellent product and more worth for money .. i recomment to buy and use it.i coonected in my tv and also laptop speaker
Wish it had Atmos though so it would be more up to date. It has the ability to update software but there isn’t one available to date.
I have had this installed and been using it for a few days now. I'm very impressed it's a great item to have now I know what ever happens on the road to me I will have it on camera. Puts my mind at rest now
I love this speaker its loud, lots of bass, and easy to use. The only thing that is a down side to it is it can't stand by its self very well but that shouldn't stop you from getting it because it is still great and is amazing. THIS IS A MUST HAVE SPEAKER IT IS WORTH THE PRICE!
I’m happy for these products but i has some things. Can we use the left if we but the right in the case?
Happy with my boneshaker. Good, albeit different distortion box. Stacks awesome, great EQ. Good service from Harman Audio as well.
Listened to several named brand devices around the same price point.  This unit has bass and clarity in the highs beyond the others.
Pleasantly surprised with the quality bose can provide even in wireless segment but disappointed with ease of use. Found it only useful for workout purpose while daily usage isnt sophisticating.
This speaker dock has awesome sound! Great bass and crisp, clear highs. The sound is amazing and the unit looks and performs very nice.
Awesome sound quality , feels like premium headphone. Eventhough there is No active noise cancellation feature but It works pretty decent.. Thanks JBL!!
I'm very pleased with this sub.  Very tight bass in a Jeep, which is hard to do (Jeeps with rag tops aren't sealed)  All in all, I'm happy with the way this sub sounds.  I bought it because it's supposed to be "marine" quality. So, I'll be sure to let you know how it holds up in my Jeep.
my Soundtouch 10 died after 14 months and was out of warrantee...BOSE AU just replaced the unit with a new one no questions asked....THANK YOU Bose... much appreciated .. you have a life customer..
I have an Onkyo receiver and use to a second zone, a second area never sounded as good as these Babies sound and amplitude are the best description for this speakers, Thanks again Mathew Polk you are the man.
Back in the late 1980's/early 1990's I purchased the first generation of these. After buying a new amplifier as the first Pioneer one died, they are still 100% perfect and best quality! Anyone thinking of buying them will never be disappointed!
I bought it around a month ago, and I am really enjoying with it. I just loved these earphones. You can't get better earphones than this.
I use it every day on the London underground and love it. I only wished they could connect to in flight entertainment systems and they would be perfect.
Fantastic sound quality. Superb sound from such a neat & tidy little box with no need for a base unit. Another excellent product from Bose.
No auxiliary plug for IPhone shuffle.. Maybe next year you’ll Place the auxiliary plug for the old CD DVD devices movies ...
This is a great sub. It has a good size enclosure for a 12 inch driver and feels quite solid. Can be converted for either down firing or forward firing. The bass is extremely tight and musical and it really complements my Home Theater system.
I've actually listened to the quality of this product from a friend and have fallen in love with it.  So am looking forward to how I can also acquire one or more in my country Ghana, West Africa.
I enjoy my speaker. It sounds like a huge speaker and is crystal clear.  My parents loved the sound so much that they purchased two. Love JBL!
I love the charge carrying case! The case keeps me organized and ready for any trip or flight i take.
I have installed 5 of these into the ceiling of my great room.  Extremely pleased with the sound.  sound like my Infinity cascade speakers.  very happy with this purchase.
Damn!!!! These things are awsome. They reproduce even the slightest sounds with ease .  since the two 6 1/2 inch mid/bass  drivers are tuned differently they weave together a aspaioush richly detailed sould stage.An obvious high end performer. I give them 5 stars.
i got these headphone for my birthday; i like so much. the bluetooth capability on these headsets is awesome. they don't get tang on me. the sound on these are awsome.
These speakers rock. I paid under $400 for the pair, which is excellent value for money. You need to invest in a sub-woofer to get the full range.
Finally broke down and bought these. So glad I did. I had been listening with a tinny sounding soundbar for far too long. These speakers sound great. Full,rich sound. I recommend these 100%. You won't be disappointed.
Bought it as an xmas present, but couldn't resist a little play 1st. I'm sure she'll love it.... If not it's mine....
Bought my JBL Charge 3 two weeks ago. I was amazed with its sound, bass are deep, crystal clear sound. Great for outdoors too!, handy and sleeky!
Your new  DB subwoofer enclosure is fantastic-louder and cleaner  than the JL enclosures, which I didn't think was possible.  Half the price too.  Wow.
Looked for a pair of Bluetooth that were reasonable in price and sound. Reflect BT are both. Sound is great for a BT and price is affordable.
I love this little speaker! It has great sound, even excellent base for a small unit. I can take a concert anywhere. Plenty loud to use to enjoy the rhythm while shooting hoops, hitting balls at the range or lighting up a room with great sound.
Bought this as a spare cable for business trips, so that I can charge the headphones. Why on earth it's not a USB C connector, nobody knows and I think that Bose made a mistake here.
I connect to my phone and play itunes that I practice with. It is fantastic. I got it on the half price sale. Best $20 I ever spent.
If you only care for sound it very good for the price but it feels cheap the materials for buds them self is hard uncomfortable plastic but other than that it’s very good
ezy to instul in my truck to replace factory ones. the sound is cool an all just kinda need more bass. these are my back speakers an polk 5 1/4 frunt, so I got these running is series fed by polk 300 wat amp. so i got the highs coverd just need more bass.
The only complaint I have is it doesn't come with a remote. Don't like I have to hit the power button and turn the volume all the way up before use. A little inconvenient when your laying in the bed and want to listen to music. Other than that, it sounds great.
I've been drooling over JBL's new line-up of  discreet computer speakers for a while. I was convinced that I would have to trade form over function from my searches throughout the speaker gamut. This was simply not the case- this set rocks and looks modern and sexy....couldn't be happier !
This was a great JBL headphone, and being a big fan of JBL products. I'm a bit sad for within 4 weeks the right side stop working at its best quality. A week later the left side did the same. But this won't stop me from still enjoying JBL products.
Great buy! Bought these because not only were they at a great price but I wanted something comparable to my T400BT’s. They did not disappoint!!! Excellent sound and fit. Would recommend these to anyone!
Sounds great, I put it in an unubtrusive corner, and let it play. Easy set up, it took about 5 minutes to download the app, set it up, choose my music and press play. Couldn't be better.
After listening to a track that I have heard many times I realized I had actually been missing some of the soft spoken lyrics and undertones. The range is expansive and pure. Even when playing at a modestly loud volume the music was pleasing to the ear, not sharp or harsh. Well done.
Just bought these 3 weeks ago and they sound great i have them in my 01 jeep cherokee. They have very nice high and mid range of sound would strongly recommend that you have a sub as well.
I got this a week’s time back and found one of the best quality and rich sound earbuds in the market now , not sure why there is a price dip for this product of great engineering and value addition to Music world
I bought this almost an year ago, and I love this speaker. I have used outside, inside, but this is absolutely amazing. I have seen other speakers too, no can do what thus can.
I bought these off of amazon.com for a good price to replace my polk 6100 bookshelf speakers (which were awesome for their size.) I installed these in my new home and can't be happier. My theater is 35'X16' and  I am using these in the rear. They sound brilliant and the midrange is pretty good.
Got this a month ago. Sounds good needed a bit more power but overall it’s good  Detachable speakers is a great feature.
I obtained the headset for the new iPhone 7 plus.  Prior, I've tried other BT brands, but learned the Bose set sounded realistically.  Granted, the battery holds charge for 4.5-5 hours at most, but it should be enough.
This is one of the best systems out there since i put mine in i have been are to beat in compations around my neighbor hood
Family member just bought one and I was blown away by it. Very punchy bass for a portable speaker. Well worth the price.
I bought this to wear at work so I can listen to music and still hear the job loudspeaker. All I have to say is it’s so amazing. The sound is beautiful and the battery last long, it’s nice and comfortable and the buttons are well placed and easy to access. Love love love this speaker
I just bought a subwolf and it is gret cant wait to heare my neww speaks thay sound great I knoww this for a fact my buddy has a pair cant wait to get mine thanks bose...
I was just wondering...when the device you are using to pair the buds with is off....does that mean the buds are off also?  If not; is there a power off switch for them!?   Otherwise..super product by JBL!
I’ve only had this a few weeks but love it killer sound cranked up and super long battery life and it was a great value
Too good...!! Is is the best headphoned i have ever had. Absolute value for money, high quality excellent product.
This is one of my favorite gadgets. I am so glad I bought this. The sound quality and volume are amazing. The battery life is decent and it just looks awesome. Totally recommend it.
I have had these for a few days and I am enjoying them immensely. Use them on the work station and exercising at PF. Was using head phones for exercise which increased the sweating around my ears.
Good quality, nice sound and powerful bass. I have bought it when was bergain so Im double satisfied
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! I got the one before this model, and it's still going strong! The sound is still amazing, the sound still kicks, and it's even been dropped multiple times and cracked, still sounds like it is brand new.
They are very nice headphones. The noice canceling works great. They are also very comfortable. The most important thing is the sound quality, very clear and nice bass.
These headphones are a game changer. They work amazing and are probably the most comfortable thing I’ve ever put on my head, you can hardly feel them. Would definitely recommend.
I bought this speaker because I just reno'd my living room fireplace and wanted a small speaker that I could flush mount in with the cultured stone.  Great sound from a small speaker.  The last thing I wanted with a TV on the wall was a big center channel taking up a bunch of wall space.
i bought these to replace my old but well loved QC2's the difference is unbelievable these are amazing
I bought a pair of ES80 speakers and they are very good. I have several pairs of JBL speakers. L220, 4311b. These speakers will not let you down. Great job JBL.
Bought this 3 weeks ago and love it. Sounds is loud and clear. Its price was perfect. Easy to connect to Bluetooth devices (android and iOS). Love that its so small but sound is loud. If you are on the fence, just get it. You won't be disappointed.
I have really enjoyed this speaker.  Plenty of clear, crisp sound.  Long battery life.  Charges device just as advertised.
I purchased these speakers back in 2002 at circuit city in Saint Clairsville, Ohio.   But when they were "good", they were great sounding.  I still love and use them, but i have added a 300 watt seperate sub.
I replaced my JL Audio set up with the SR6500 and the sound quality is simply amazing. By far the best speaker for the money, who needs Boston or MB Quart? This speaker has the best over all sound of any component speaker I have had in the last 15 years. The sound reproduction is second to none.
Im a newbie to the world of HT and im looking forward to having some really great times with this sub. Thank you Matthew Polk . Maybe i'll switch all of my speakers to Polk.Hmmmmmmm
I just purchase these headphones. I bought it cause I want a headphone that has great sound overall and I also like bass can anybody explain how great the bass is?
I work in an open office, my coworker sitting on my right hums to himself all day and my coworker sitting on my left listens to gospel songs all day! $300 well spent - best investment ever! Was skeptical at first about the in-ear model but it works perfectly!
I needed something for our motorhome so went to my local John Lewis for them to demonstrate it, after plugging in my iPhone5s and playing At Last by Etta James all the shoppers stopped to listen to the fantastic sound. Sold......
I brought this for my birthday over beats and I am very happy I made that decision. Very comfy and light and stay snug during athletic activities. I get great usage out of them and wear them everywhere even during football warmups. The battery life is crazy and the sound is wonderful.
Have been shopping around for the last year or so for a sound bar that can handle a 20 x 20 great room without going over my 1000 dollar budget...came in well under and was amazed how it brought my old TV to life!!!  Been a JBL customer for over 40 years and yes they still BRING IT!!!
I bought this headphones two years ago, and they are working the same since that time.  Super recommended!!
I bought headphones a month a go, I have tried new Sony and these bose gives you way better sound quality. Will be nice if you could be able to adjust sound with a equalizer. B even without it sounds great. Use it in an plane a very nice sound with wires connection , I enjoy the movie
A major improvement over the speakers in our 42" Sharp Aquos. Makes PBS Brit programs and DVD's understandable. Also replaced the free standing speakers for the stereo.  The sound for the size is impressive.  Don't expect a live concert hall sound, but does a great job in a small space.
I haven't had this mic long but, if it keeps performing like it has the few times I've used it, I will have it for a long, long time! Great sound reproduction and virtually no "p" pops! Not sure what else to say except that I'm happy that I own this mic and will get a couple more in the future.
i bought this product 2 weeks ago and it works as intended and the clarity of the sound is very good. Only issue was there is no volume button to it.
JBL does it again! From the packaging to the new features... These headphones are great! The stylish look and crisp sounds - PERFECTION!! I purchased some wireless heads phones in the past from JBL, I really love them and I am recommending them to all my friends and family. Thank you!!!
These speakers are awesome. I have a 7.1 setup with this center channel, 6 of the 900-LS, and the microPRO3000 sub.  Everyone that hears my system are extremely impressed. I'm very satisfied with these speakers
I've bought cheap speakers before and they were always lackluster, after using this speaker I'll never buy cheap again.
This is a great little speaker for the size. I own JBL floorstandind and bookshelf spreakers so I know great sound when I hear it. I should have bought 2 of these while they where on sale
I could not connect via bluetooth. I only can use this via wifi ethernet. I could not see the bluetooth option in setting menu.
This is the best speakers that anyone needs. The dual ten inch sub is unbelieveable. My neighbor's one street over can hear the sound that these speakers putout.
I have never bought a piece of electronics that I was more happier with, it is great, sounds great and easy to use.
Not sure why the negative comments here....this is by far the best bluetooth speaker on the market. The sound is AWESOME...the battery life is AWESOME...basically, the thing is jaw dropping AMAZING...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
I was a blown away at how easy this product was to setup.  Just download the app, pick the connection type and you are pretty much done.  I also like that it has the option for Bluetooth too.  I'm a Sonos user, but found this product was a lot easier to setup and use with no dead zones.
We live around water and have peace of mind knowing that if it gets splashed on that it'll work without a hitch!
The ad boasts camo more than any other color, but I still can’t find it anywhere. Will it be listed here ?
If this had the ability to be controlled remotely, mainly on/off from user end via, phone or other remote control, this would hands down be the best Bluetooth speaker on the market
I saw the video first and was like "wO" these look sweet-and then came here and checked the specs-and i knew i had to get some. Turned out my friend was getting these exact ones, and i knew i had to get some too.  I love dubstep-and these meet the bass required; lol.
These head phones fit into my ear PERFECTLY. The only time they ever come out is if i accidentally yank them hard enough. I've never had any other problems with them. The sound quality is great. I can't say enough about how much I love them!
sound is perfect , g8 for outdoor gatherings , one can feel the depth in the sound , the bass is just amazing
I bought the SWC yesterday, (BB) it took a little while to get use too. I would say 15 minutes, I then took a ‘wow’ moment, what great or better yet outstanding sound, very impressive. The separation in the speakers is remarkable.  I now know what I’m giving as gifts this December!
Now that is a pair of speaks! Installed in rear of my '92 Volvo, the flexibility of swivel can created either an awesome sounding inside or use the swivel/open the trunk for a tailgate sounding like no other. Kudos, you can't go wrong.
They are really great and reliable to use it just sucks you need the right earbud to listen to the left one, not vice versa. But honestly way better than the Air Pods! Plus they actually don’t fall out nor hurt your ear!
Excellent system it has given me a renewed interest in the radio and my CD collection.Quality of sound is absolutely fantastic,better than I thought possible from a small system. top marks to Bose.
I bought this sub a week ago after thoroughly comparing several name brands such as velodine and infinity, and I am glad. I work in the car audio industry and the build of the sub is extremely important to me. The vast surround, build, and its astecially pleasing design is far superior.
I recently purchased the QC 25's as I'm in school and can't study with surrounding noise. I love them. Wish I bought them earlier. Most definitely recommend.
I bought them a month ago to use at the gym. I have been impressed with them since day one. Great sound and value. Could not be anymore pleased. Only reason not a five star is the cord seem to tangle easily, but the sound overrules that simple problem.
The sound is amazing. Bass is awesome no distortion. It sounds great even turned all the way up. The only thing I wish it could do is charge my iPhone. And I think that's just bc it can charge Smartphones. Lol Very happy with my purchase. Totally worth the cost!
I bought the Soundlink III a week ago and am very happy with my purchase.  It is very easy to use and the volume is louder than I thought it would be.  For what it is intended to be used for it is hard to beat.
It was easy to link and the sound is really good for a smaller blue tooth speaker. My teen son is pleased with it.
They love their gift and can't wait to attach the speaker to their backpacks.  My girls are busy athletes and love music.  Perfect gift.  Seems very durable, waterproof and the sound is great.
A friend recommended that I should try Polk Audio speakers;previously I had a set of Bose speakers.    I took his word and purchased the RM6880 for about $500,I was realyy happy with the sound and the value as well.
Simply amazing. The price is right along with the quality of music. I bought my system a year ago, but after reading the reviews I wanted to add my feedback.
Once u hear the sound touch, u will be sold. The sound touch speakers will blow u away. the clear sounds will not let u shut sit off, All fives..
Bought this on Thanksgiving day weekend so far its so good. The quality of music and the charging stays too long. i would recommend it.
I bought a few weeks ago and have enjoyed the sound quality and comfort. Would purchase again in future.
I am really happy to be able to wholeheartedly recommend this wonderful Wave radio-cd player. Sounds amazing and it is crystal clear. Thank you, Bose.
I love my new Bose speaker. I purchased it for myself and I'm glad I did!!The sound is great love it. I will definitely recommend it to all my friends. I wish they had a carrying case.
Bought this having seen it in stores. It's really great sound quality, with great mid and bass response - honestly sounds like a hifi! Wouldn't hesitate in getting another
I bought these a few weeks ago and they're really good. Sound quality is amazing. Bass is good and the quality of sound is good. The only aspect this lacks is "Noise Cancellation". The noise cancellation on this is similar to the earphones which cost 10x less.
Refurbished but in like new condition.  Good sound.  Nice touch that it comes with the pouch and free shipping. Wish the plug to the wall is smaller.
I bought the JBL charge 2 about a month ago after my beats pill failed me. This speaker is the best one I've ever boughten. Compared to the beats pill, it's 10x better. Highly recommend it!!!
An awesome center channel and a great price! This center channel puts many other more expensive ones to shame. It has great sound quality and more than sufficient power handling. Paired with other choice Polk speakers it’s a great addition to balance out any home theater even on a budget.
The JBL Flip2 is my 2nd product from them and I love it, except for one thing, the case isn't designed to carry the charger with it, there's an idea.
I bought these and my wife stopped snoring.   In all seriousness these shut out the outside world perfectly.    It felt strange at first to have them in my ears all night but after a month I'm used to them.     I sleep longer and better than I have in years.
I bought this a month ago but unfortunately i returned it because of lack of bass but the highs and mids are perfect!!! I hope bose will add just a little volume of the bass..
It is a good easy to setup system. The best thing is connectivity with Bluetooth and Wifi as well, which makes it great music system.
Took a little while to get the ear buds to fit but once I got it, it was comfortable and the headphones have nice sound and block out the outside noise
You can not hear a single thing through them while music is playing. They fit really comfortably on you and they even have breathing earmuffs so you won't sweat in them. The sound quality is amazing and they also play really good electronic notes being made for acoustic.
bought this for my dad and am so glad he uses it instead of risking dropping it or having some strange hip carrier!
Great system, highly recommended.  Please add "Record Player" and "Nintendo Switch" to the list of available sources that can be added under 'Device Management'!!  Thanks
Super happy with this product. It connects to my bluetooth really fast! The battery life is unexpectedly long like 5 hours!
Just got them yesterday. Loved them to bits until I climbed the saddle. There is a lot of aeroacoustic noise which is present when cycling because of poor engineering decisions. So if you are planning to bike around and need music, I will rather recommend the wired version instead of wireless.
We installed these when we remodeled our kitchen 2 years ago. They have been exceptional speakers and are on most every day, all day. Their sound is great and they were very easy to install.
I was reluctant to buy this JBL without hearing it, but I read the reviews and have a fondness for their brand in general. I was blown away! This little thing is powerful and has great sound. The bass is really kicks. Buy one, buy two.
I bought these for my brother as a Christmas gift because I knew that AKG has excellent customer service and that product wasn't too expensive either.
I couldn't be happier. It sounds amazing! :) But, I've only had it since the 10th, and the battery only lasts a hour and a half, and that's not cranking it. At first, it was about 4hrs+. Now I'm sad. :/
It took a little bit to set up the system on the WiFi network but once done the quality of the system was undeniably brilliant. Well worth the purchase.
I love this model its so compact and nice. Good sound according to the size. It can be easily taken to on vacations and other trips. You can attach it to anything with blue tooth. I play it with my ipad and iphone and its just amazing and so convenient.
Absolutely the best sound....and.....this works with other MP3 players!!! Took it to the beache in Mexico and instead of everyone on their own mp3 earbuds we were able to listen to our music together!!!  What a concept!!
Bought this for my desk at work. Perfect size for a small work area, decent sound level and clarity. Overall, good value for the money.
I got this back in June of 2017 when it was 50% off on the JBL website.  Good sound for its size.  I gave it to my sister for her 11th birthday in October.  She likes it, and my mom sometimes brings it to work.
I bought this subwoofer about 2 weeks ago and was blown away. This sub rocks my home theater. This was money well spent. It's freaking incredible and rocks with Blu-ray movies. I highly recommend this product for the serious home theater jocks out there.
Got mine a couple days ago and there amazing except that when doing anything on your phone your music will skip
Using VM20 for left and right front as well as center speaker horizontally in front of the TV.  Really excellent quality speakers and with the black color, very visually matching with tv and entire system.
I bought this couple years agoand i only had to charge it few times and when i did it lasted a really long time
I bought this for myself and these are the best headphones ever. Way better than beats. Comes with noise cancellation and great quality sound.
Highs are good but could go on the deeper end a little more.but they are 5 and a 1/4's for a reason I suppose!!! All in all VERY decent speakers for a filler!!!
Good value subwoofer.  It really adds something to movie soundtracks and music.  Adds good bass depth for not a lot of money.
I love the headphones but only on its third use, the cable pin broke off. Weak points of contact with receptacles on airplanes and cell phones. Should make the cable pins more durable for us.
As an audiophile, I own an embarrassing amount of speakers and audio gear, but I absolutely love my Flip 4. The sound quality is clean even if your outside around busy surroundings. The volume range is great as well, I can hear it across the House even in slow setting.
I bought this a couple of weeks ago got free shipping great price at 1999 and a very pleased with the sound and performance for such a small package
Stunning sound from such a small unit.  Do experiment with positioning in different rooms and places to discover the stereo sound this little beauty can produce.
I have had these for just over a month now and honestly can’t fault them! I’m abit gutted that they are cheaper here than US as I thought I was getting a saving but still worth every penny!
I bought this for my son and my other son wanted a popular brand that cost twice as much and was only wasted resistant. This was water proof and combines sound of you get two or more for a surround effect. The other didn't do that either. Sound quality was great too.
These are the only earphones that I've tried that don't fall out and I don't have to adjust when I run on the treadmill. The wireless capability is a plus since I don't have a long cord flying around when I run, and the sound quality is great. I am super happy with these.
This tiny speaker can fill a room without a problem and the sound itself has a really deep feeling to it. I'm impressed. I find myself using it way more than my soundtouch 30
this isnt really a review i just dont know what kind of wiring i should use to hook up this amazing sub! soo if anyone would like to help me out that would be great! [:
Just started using this over the weekend and so for really like it. Does just what I purchased it for.
I know this gonna sound really dumb would the light cuz ain't radiation of some sort, is this speaker completely safe to use
Spend at least 1 week studying technical reviews and comparison for several top models in YouTube and internet, visit different stores and finally decide for bose today I just trying and are spectacular !!!
I purchased the acoustic wave system II and Love it. I wish the controls were on the front rather than the top (only because I have it up high) otherwise the sound is fantastic!
I've recently got this for Christmas, and would recommend to anyone. The sound is absolutely excellent
I was pleasantly surprised with how great they sounded for the price. I am considering buying another pair.
Very happy with your product.  I have another one exactly the same but wanted to get another while you had a great sale going on!
It took me a while to install my sub because I'd never sone it before. After watching several videos and getting the necessary equipment , once I made time it went very easy. When that green power light came on and I adjusted the levels, I was very happy with the bass it generated.
Great performance, super portable, quality sound, when connected with 3.5mm can handle even more than 9 hours.
Great Product & Great Sound. Bose keep doing what you do and don't change. As always a very very very very very happy Bose customer.
Bought this speaker on Black Friday for a great price and it’s the best purchase of my life! I can’t believe how light it is compared to its size.
i love the clarity simply awesome. easy to setup install good design compact. issue with sub woofer is bass is not up to the mark no power punch as the jbl famous for bass punch.  im little disappointment with sub woofer as the low bass rest everything is good .... go for it
truly the best speakers i've heard, incredible range, both highs and mids. Uncluttered look on my entertainment center and walls(surronds. no complaints about clashing with decor from spouse and total envy from friends.
Bought this three weeks ago great sound would have given 5 stars exept cannot use remote control for other stuff even though used codes bit disappointed about this as have spent so much time bose needs to look int the codes
Bought this speaker around November from amazon. Got it on sale for $70 and i have to say... Great Sound, Very Loud, Great Bass. For the size and price it’s a steal! 10/10 Would Reccomend this!
I love them. So comfortable and easy to use. The sound is amazing and the quiet deafening. I didn’t even know they interfaced with Google assistant and Alexa. I’m very happy with my headphones. I have always been a loyal Bose customer.
Only been using it a few days now but it works much better than the audio chromecast I was using previously.  Sounds good and much nicer to have direct voice control instead of casting from another assistant unit.
Our church has been using this the L1 for over a year. Fills the room that seats 200. Easy to transport, quick to set-up and tear down. Amazing product!
Goood subs.. havent had any trouble out of these beastfull subs. i have mine runnin on an Quantum Audio 1200@ 2ohms amplifier, and they deliver a monstrous punch.
My golf buddy brought his micro speaker on a golf outing, and I was immediately hooked, had to have one.I use it for both my ipod listening as well as an addition to the GPS feature in my phone. Can't say enough about this great little speaker.
Bought this a few weeks ago after using my friends for the summer. After using one I couldn't bring myself to buy anything else. Really brilliant speaker, well worth the money.
I bought this in a vacation trip for listening in the airplane and I was amazes at how good this are. Noise cancelation is top notch and audio is great. Overall a great buy!!!!
I purchased the LSI 9 speakers for hifi use and the sound is great. great seperation and bass,mid and highs blend nicely. Nothing under a 1000.00$ sounds like the LSI and they compare to others costing 3 to 4 times more
These are my second Bose QC35's I've own. I really like the QC35 II sound and build quality. I am hearing impaired and wear hearing aids and the bose really work well with them. I don't get feedback from them when they cover my ears. I love the long battery life and the app options.
Bought for an overseas flight, best choice for listening to music and noise cancelling, perfect to wear while sleeping on the airplane.
I bought this about 2 or 3 months ago and I still use it to this day. Also the sound quality is great.
Purchased about 2 months ago, perfect size good sound, I like the way the 3.5 mm cord stores in back of speaker, however that cord could be a little longer. Overall very pleased
I have 4 pold dx 12' and they are EXTREMELY loud.  I have a friend who has 2 15' kicker L7s and mine are louder than those.
Hi my headphones work very good But I charged them for the whole night and they do not turn on. I still can use then with a wire blututh the
I bought those headphones for about a month and I only have good words to mention them. Great sound, very comfortable and only for 45 euros. I can spend hours listening music and I've never been tired of using them.
Thrilled with the SoundLink speaker.  Use it for on the patio or in the backyard.  Sounds great and the ease of taking my music with me around the house is awesome.
I needed a small speaker for the operating room and looked at many of these including the Bose.  The speaker is fantastic, great range, great bass and battery life is very long. I highly recommend.
I got this as a Christmas gift and for a small speaker, it can get pretty loud and the sound quality is amazing. A great little waterproof speaker for traveling or a room around the house.
Just amazing. I am have been using it for the past 2-years and it is working perfectly. Worth spending your money. Also worth giving a good gift to any one, and they will definitely appreciate it and remember you life time.
I bought the earphones about a month ago and so far they have been great. Perfect money quality balance. On the cons I would only say that battery is a bit weak. All and all I would definitely recommended as long as it stays under $50
using it for rough and daily calls with the phone and to listen to music using it like the clear sound and quality of built.
Just received them two days ago. They are the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn. The noise cancellation is phenomenal and the sound is wonderful. The battery lasts for a very very long time also.
Bought this speaker for a Christmas gift for my girlfriends son, I have the original Flip for my self, this little speaker packs the same quality with a few added features...he could not be happier with this product
Sound is fantastic as you would expect from Bose. However, the Bose name on the  power unit when plugged in is upside down and the wire comes out of the top and not through the bottom of the unit.
Amazing Sound quality, Airplane Adaptor. Alexa voice, Simply amazing. Bose Connect app makes it even more convenience. Easy to pair, easy to use. Better than any other product in the market.
The Mrs got me this for Christmas, first impressions are it’s fantastic. She tells me the Bose in blue water gave her a price match and got a good deal.  Sounds great and knocks spots of my old soundock it has replaced.  Only had a few days, but impressed to date.
I got this for my birthday a couple days ago, and when I powered it up I literally was in awe. For a small speaker it has amazing bass and rich sounds.
I have just bought an iPhone 7 Plus. My Apple advisor suggested Bose earphones. I bought Quiet Comfort 35 from Amazon. (They don't discount them.) I find the head[phones to fit perfectly. The sound quality is superb. I am v very excited about this purchase.
This is the best Bluetooth speaaker that I ever purchased. Small speaker with nice sound and great bass sound. I previously used the Jawbone Speaker and it was ok but this speaker is 100 times better and I will never going to replace this speaker again.
Sound is great! (YouTube music skips for a fraction of a second here and there but IT IS NOT THE HEADPHONES problem, it is YouTube) Charge lasts for ever, fits in my jacket's pocket, comfortable to wear for hours.All I have to say is that I am very satisfied with the headphones.Thanks Bose !
Eeeexcellent subs, got two 12"s and a free enclosure(Q Logic) for just 121.30(Circuit City), am running 140 watts(RMS) for each with a PYLE pla885 amp. Boy...I am very satisfied and proud to be a Polk|MOMO owner. going to try 400 watts(RMS) for each in the future. Go get one if you can. Great !
Bough this so I can work on my car with some tunes playing. The Xtreme exceeded my expectations. I can listen in harmony now.......
GREAT SOUND! I use a very old 1998 E-Machines 366i2, and the computer isn't all that great, but the sound of these speakers deserves a full 5 stars!
I bought this a while back ago and it's beyond its use yet it still works great.  It's def worth your money for such durable product
I really like this design but not very many quality available anymore in this specific design.  JBL makes a good solid set in these. I love these for conference calls on my phone. I am not into wireless headphones at all so I like these.
I finally traded in my old RT800's, almost 10 yrs old they still sounded great but the look and sound of the RTi8's blew me away. I didn't know I would notice suck a big difference. I this the mid's and bass are close to the same they are noticably louder and the highs sound great. Nice job polk.
Received as a Christmas gift fm my son and love it. Quality product with wonderful sound. Get yourself one!
Got this a few weeks ago now, very impressed with the quality of sound in relation to the cost of the speaker. Purchased after two friends had got this one.
I had the Bose soundtouch 130 before I exchanged it to the Bose soundtouch 300... The ST 300 is a better system because you can add the rear speakers and the subwoofer is much better it's a 10inch .. If you want the 5.1 sound get all three pieces.
Great sound for the size of it. Perfect for outdoors and sports like bike rides and stays secure on my bag.
I recently purchased my SoundLink at Best Buy and let's just say I refuse to trade it for anything in the world. Super easy to use with brilliant sound. The sound from this small speaker will fill an entire room and then some. I've always had Bose and will continue that trend for years to come.
This is the perfect Bluetooth speaker. It took about 10 seconds to set it up and the sound is outstanding. Just the right size at a great price point.
This is the only set I've been able to find that wont hurt my ears with long wear. My ears must be really small cause any generic kind just does not work for me. My pup chewed up my pair so I bought these as a replacement, they are so well worth it.
Amazing!!, im running x4 mm polk's, 5x7's and 3 way 6x9's, distortion free till it literally makes my ears heart. infact ive never heard them distort?, Insane!!
I use it while I ride my bike back and forth to work. Also while I am cooking dinner. Love the sound but I can still hear traffic and my husband!
I have owned these for a few months and they are phenomenal.  I accidentally dropped my set somewhere so I'm buying replacements.
These headphones have great sound , decent Bluetooth range and nice features with just a touch to the left side. The only negatives are the ear cups are not quite large enough and are rather tight on my head.
My solo bar stretches out in such a way that sound seems surround; it also fills the with full volume that puts you in the action of the movie. I love it!!
Amazing performance, comfortable in the ears and it these headphones survived the washing machine/ dryer and still work completely fine. Absolutely impressed!
I got these for my 3rd iPod and was pleasantly surprised with the way the same songs I've listened to on other earbuds sounded with the K313's, it was like adding a whole new dimension to the music you love.  Great vibrant mid-and high range, rich bass, overall the best sound value for their price.
this is a great sub i have 3 in a sealed box with a 1500 watt hi fonics anp it bangs these are keepers
PERFECT...excatly what i was looking for. Loud enogh for my parties. they sit right above my patio. great sound very crip and clear
Man, what a bargain. Best speakers I have ever bought, period. Thats compared to other midline entries from Energy,Klipsch or Bose, even Martin Logan. I owned Canadian made PSB floorstanders before and the A7 smoked them side by side.
I bought this subwoofer before 5 months and I can say, the subwoofer is the best. Very nice and deep bass sound and very nice look. It is the best subwoofer for the home.
I have had this for a while now and really have enjoyed the great sound quality this speaker provides.
The headphones are extremely comfy and sit well on the ears! The sound quality is very high and gives a crisp and clean listening experience! The voice and remote controls are extremely handy and work perfectly to allow ease of use!
I always worried that blue tooth will deteriorate sound quality... but this one is really good.. I had tried a wireless adaptor that works on wifi, but this bluetooth one is much better... I can now listen to apple music on my old bose wave system
I bought this when it first came out and I have used it almost everyday. It sounds amazing at any volume and it is perfect for a day out by the pool. However I wish it had stronger bass.
I bought this Flip 4 (Blue) on sale and for me it was good price. I have used this, for the first time and i think it is best present for people who love MUSIC <3
I've transfered 6 albums so far and am very pleased with it. It's easy to use and the quality is really good.
JBL stands for name and quality. That's what this soundbar does. Excellent sound, though i think the bass could have been more. But overall a great product would definitely recommend.
Only had a couple days and I absolutely love them! The sound is brilliant don't even need to wear them to hear because the sound is so good. There so comfy aswell and can change them to fit you're head and No need to get phone out of pocket to change the music which I think is brilliant
2nd one I'm buying. However I find that when playing music and say you get an audio note on Whatsapp or video on phone, it doesn't connect hence no sound. Switched off phone as I felt it was the phone but still no luck. Maybe somone can advise me on how to get round this
The product I bought was a great purchase. The JBL Extreme has great sound quality battery , easily portable and most importantly(In my opinion) amazing bass. Luckily I got for a cheaper price cyber Monday so I'm happy with my purchase.
My first pair of cordless ear buds, I was pleasantly surprised by the comfort of them.  I didn't expect them to fit so well.  They've got a great sound although, not very loud.  Im very pleased with the Contours and would suggest them to anybody looking for cordless ear buds!!!
For such a small speaker it had great sound.  Very clear/clean sound.  Easy to connect and very portable.  Overall a great product.
I have not found a better bookshelf for its price and i have been looking for a long time. I hooked a pair of these up to an onkyo 6.1 reciever and they sound amazing. They sound great for any type of music or movies. They blow away most other types of floorstanding speakers.
I have tried a number of smart speakers and this one is about the best.  I wish Amazon would allow clones to have the same features as their own Echo such as calling.
Use as speaker with Pandora to play oldies at local pub. Bluetooth with tv at night so wife doesn't have to listen to tv all night. Use with phone in car for hands off phone calls. Great sound
Following should sum up how I feel about this product: I haven't stopped listening to music since I got them (.)
I just bought my second and third JBL Charge.  They are a fantastic product.  I learned about the JBL Connect last night and it was awesome to link the two Charge 3s together.
This is a great new take on the k240 legacy. Far and away the most balanced headphones available at this price point and suitable for studio and home use alike. This set of headphones is suitable for anyone in the market for accurate sound.
Can these mounts be used with the latest 201 and 301 speakers ? The would look great in the 4 corners of my  lounge.
i just bought a pair of rti12 and sub(psw404)  csi5 team up w my old rt16 for  surr.wow  the best sound and combination o before i forgot my fxi3 for my surr. back.   driven by yamaha rxv1400...its really amazing thanks polk..
This is one perfect sound system,im obsessed with sound systems and am not easily sold.purchasing the SB400 is the best decision i ever made.its awesome awesome and just awesome
I bought these for the gym and I'm so glad I did. They are comfortable and don't fall off while I'm exercising. The sound is very rich and booming. I'm very particular about the type of headphones I use because I like great sound. Bonus for me that they are sweat proof. I recommend these.
I am extremely pleased with the sound quality of this speaker. It plays loud and clear and actually has a very nice natural tonality. It is amazing for the price
My wife bought me a set of these for my birthday. The sound is to die for,plus the ear buds are very comfortable!!!!!' Excellent buy !!!
Excellent buy and sounds great especially for the size that the speaker puts out a nice quality sound.
Everything's great about the JBL Charge. No problems, met and exceeded my expectations. Very happy customer.
not sure what a master flight instructor, is but i agree best headset on the market. just traded my bose x in for the A20. 30% quieter. fly some 5-6 hour days. all bose products are superior you get what you pay for.
A perfect rear channel match for the RC85i.  Spacial separation and imaging is excellent.  I've replaced all my floor standing speakers with in wall and corner mounted and the sound is terrific!  Now I have room to walk around the family room.  Home theater ROCKS with all POLK speakers!
These headphones have fantastic bass and a great design. They are very stylish with great battery life. They are very comfortable to wear . Very easy to use and I would highly recommend them to others
I use these speakers with my tablet with Pandora.  When I am working out I have them plugged in. I have the volume cranked all the way up and not one bit of distortion.  I have been a JBL connoisseur since 1984 and also have a surround system and two floor tower speakers.  Nothing tops JBL!
Bought them 5 months ago and absolutely love them, use them when I run and they never fall out! super comfortable!
I'm very happy with my speakers and the sound they put out. I have them hooked up to my onkyo 702. Polk hit a homerun in my book!!!!
I have the speakers on my rooftop deck and the sound quality is amazing. I recommend them to anyone looking for discreet yet powerful sound. I need another set for my basement patio.
the television I had did not have quality sound, the first Bose was so good I purchased a second for my other TV.
I am a big time review fan.....Bottom line on these is,,,,,,,,just buy em'. Great sound and NO dangling wires bla bla.....Awsome product!!!!
Awsome just got these and WOW!!!!!!!! Had some R10's from 1997 figured it was time for some new babies and let the kid have the old ones...
just bought the speaker. Sound is amazing but the lights don't light already and I don't know when to charge it. Are they supposed to light red? White? At all? There is NO INFO from JBL about this stuff! Any help?
I have had my flip 2 for almost a month and I use it everyday to workout at home and outside while doing chores. What an awesome speaker!
Bought this for my parents so they could listen to music inside or outside while doing yard work. The speaker sounds great, it's easy to use for even my technologically challenged parents! I have a Bose ipod dock and love it, but will be buying a soundlink for my store.
I bought this for my nephew as a gift and he is extremely happy with the finishing and sound output. The bass is sufficient when compared to the size and treble is awesome.
Great sound!!  I'm using these in a stereo system only in our new house.  They sit unobtrusively against the wall and the real veneer is a nice touch.
I use it quite often. For indoor use it's perfect and it does well outside, too. The two speakers inside are very powerful. I couldn't use the JBL Connect function yet, but I'm sure I will. My previous speakers feel like toys now.
I just got my hands on this Bose product, this are my first wireless headphones and they are very good indeed. Wire doesn't tingle and it is very high quality and looks long lasting, sound quality is magnificent as well!
I bought these to negate the frequent chatter in the office; I was impressed with how well these work. Sometimes I don't even play music, I just use the noise cancelling option, it's like I'm in another world, I can focus so well now. The way I see it, it's an ROI.
These are by far the best wireless headphones on the market. You you are debating on which ones to get these definitely should be it! I've had mine for 2 years and they work amazing with perfect sounds and still a very good battery! You will not regret this!
I have owned this pair for 2 years now.I have always played them loud.I currently have them biamped with Emotiva amps.I have the highs amped at 200 watts and the lows amped at 300 watts.These speakers play clean and loud.
Brought mine over six months ago and still like brand new after regular wear and use. Good fit and stay in place. Sound is just a bit muffled on the low end but still a good all around sound.
Purchase 7-2-2015 did already have a wave system for over 12 years wanted to update to DAB sound great and now with Bluetooth couldn't be better.
I bought these for gifts for a 13, 15 and 35 year old. They all like them and say they have better quality and clearity than a more popular expensive model. I have seen them all using the speakers.
I upgraded from the CSi3 (which was great also) and I've very impressed. TV voices are so crisp and clear. DVD sounds are beautiful! Match well with my RTi8's. Highly recommended!
Debated between soundlink 3 and the new Revolve+ and Bose out did themselves with the new Revolve. Awesome 360 degree sound via Bluetooth. Will recommend this speaker to all mt friends and family.
Bought a pair of these to be part of my first Atmos setup and they do not disappoint. Using as my sides a foot above ear level. They were easy to install once the holes were cut. Build feels quality. Have not pushed them yet.....(much)
Just bought my second set of P660c 4 6 inch drivers and 4 tweeters added concert sound to my 2500HD Diesel. Excellent sound when driven by the GT05ez midrange was great clear along with the tweeters great highs love them all
Love this product!!! Great sound. Love playing it when I'm cleaning the house or just hanging out! So gladness i got this product
Very pleased with the Headphones I purchased.  Super sound quality, comfortable and long battery life......Sweet!
THESE SPEAKERS ARE GREAT I HAVE ALWAYS HAD POWER SPEAKERS BUT I HAD WANTED TO TRY A POWER AMP. AND A PRE.AMP. AND THESE BABYS GET IT. THEY BLOWED MY INF. AWAY.
Pretty awesome and easy to carry around. Im a fan but im not sure how durable this one is since my jbl flip 3 was only a few months old, but after one time dropping it on the ground it caused it to not play any sound anymore. I'm hoping the flip 4 holds up a lot better
I have a drawer full of wireless speakers, the jbl flip 4 is the best by far in connectivity, sound quality and excellent speakerphone sound
I just bought the Bose Wave system and I love it. Set up was a breeze while I had my morning coffee. Sound is beautiful. The system is small and simple but delivers outstanding sound through out. This probably sounds like a planted review but I promise you it's not!  I am very happy with it!
Awesome headphones for a very low price. The sound was more than what I expected. Just as good as the BEATS if not better. I am glad I bought this headphones.
This is a great subwoofer.  It pounds like madness even with only 300 watts going through it.  It simply reaches down and snatches the low notes.  Really nice sub.
I am simply amazed at the power and distortion free sound from this sub. It took me only 10 minutes at the shop to make up my mind and buy it on the spot. I spent a lot of time reviewing various subs but not satisfied me. Trust me this one really ROCKS !!! absolutely no regrets
My self and several dozen other vets Going through various VA programs recieved a set of the AE2i headphones, and I would just like to say that we appreciate the donation a huge deal. fantastic sound quality by the way!Tthank you guys for your support!
Just installed the speakers on the back side of my house near the spa and they sound awesome. They get real loud but I noticed that they sound awesome when they are a little low on the volume. What a great sitting in the spa and having some awesome background sounds.
I own a Bose SoundTouch 10 and it is a great speaker and the bass is amazing but the vocals aren’t as great as the bass. I don’t think the vocals pop like they should in some songs but in every song the bass always pops.
Been using these for a few weeks now and they sound great and stay in my ears. Happy with my headphones.
Awesome speaker with great sound! Have not had a problem with battery life or trouble connecting to a mobile device.
Had my first one stolen ...sadly ..but I ordered a new one . This speaker is awesome best quality speaker I've ever had !!
I am amazed at the quality and the volume this little speaker pumps out! I would highly recommend the Flip 4. Love it so much I bought a couple more for Christmas presents.
I've had my speaker for 3 weeks now and it just gets better. I'm re-discovering more and more of my music simply because it sounds so good. I wouldn't be without mine now. It definitely deserves 5 starts.
These are simply amazing for the price. Picked these up used from my local audiophile store. running them from my 1978 Onkyo A-7 Amp. So far the best pair of speakers that I have ever run so far clarity wise. The A-7 pumps out a REAL 65 watts per channel and these handle it with ease.
Amazing bass and highly accurate mids and treble. Really a terrific speaker all around. It could only be better if it was Airplay!
I HAVE TO SAY THIS AMP IS ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS LESS THAN THE JL AUDIO AND SOUNDS REALLY DARN CLOSE!  ALL YOU HAVE TO DO BEFORE BUYING IT IS ASK YOURSELF IS "SHOULD I BUY TWO?"
I submitted a review yesterday titled "Short Shelf Life". Learned from other reviewers that if mic controls (vol up - down) get moisture in them, they stop working. Apparently, overnight, moisture evaporated and headphones working fine today.
I finally made my purchase at a local Best Buy and all I got to say about this system is that sound quality is just amazing, that 10inch subwoofer has such amazing bang! Overall this Bar 3.1 is amazing.
I bought this item almost 3 months ago and I will never buy another pair of head phones. I love the fit and comfit. Just overall satisfied and will recommend them to everyone I talk to.
This subwoofer is certainly the best one I have purchased.It has really added deep bass to my system in comparison to previous one I was using.A great value with solid construction.I am very pleased with this purchase.
I purchased these solely for the purpose of working out. Over the few days i owned them, they became my everyday headphones. They are great to wear as well as the style stands out anywhere you go. I get complimented on them all the time. These r very durable and cool to wear.
To be honest, my love for this little guy comes from the sale price I got it for. The light show is neato and the charge lasts a while. Sound is *good*. Not great, but good for what I wanted it for. Louder than I expected.
I bought this recently and I love it so much! I am surprised at the quality of sound that comes from such small speaker, even when on full volume!!
Bought this a few weeks ago and I am loving it . Hands free has a whole new meaning. It’s comfortable to wear and the sound quality is what you expect from Bose.
Longtime fan of JBL I love the features on the headphones. I like that the case charges the headphones. Can rock all day long would definitely recommend a friend. Thanks JBL great product
I've had these in my car for 6 months now. They sound super clean and crisp. there's no need for the tweeter boost on the cross over. The only thing I don't like is the lack of lower mid range. I think that's due to my doors design though,, not the speaker.
I must say.. it is the first time I spend so much money in headphones... but... I love them. :) the sound is clear! they are not heavy at all. And i love the fact I can control Sire on my iPhone without touching the phone. You will not regret!!!
Great product I bought this product a month ago. Plays amazing music without any interruption and from any device, iPhone, iPad, iPod and the computer and doesn't matter where is your device in your house. Excellent sound.
For the price and the quality, this is a very good purchase.  My only complaint is that on the lowest possible volume setting, the sound is still loud for someone with a low sensory condition.
Worthy of the Bose name with sound quality matching that of other Bose products. Reliable and clear bluetooth connection. Super easy setup out of the box. Most comfortable in-ear headphones.
Bought this over black Friday, and I love them! They were at a good price and the build is very solid. I have paired them with my existing subwoofer.
These headphones are so comfortable, amazing sound quality, and great appearance and design. One small little issue is that the top part of the ear cushions is tearing a bit. Other than that, amazing headphones. Would definitely recommend to a friend or family.
i tried it, i loved its cool. i work at bose but I aint telling you who I am. But this product is amazing.
These are so good for their price, they fit like a glove and sound like ur listening to live music!!
Great speakers.  Perfect range with surprisingly deep lows.  Crisp highs.  Very happy with purchase.
These are awesome headphones!  The sound is very clear and realistic with solid bass. I was a little skeptical given some of the reviews posted here and on Amazon but I can say they are very comfortable and sound great.  If in doubt as I was, go for it  . . . you will be glad you did!
The SoundTouch music system was the best Christmas present ever. The sound is perfect and the system is so easy to use. I love it!
I received these headphones about a month ago, and am thrilled with them!  The sound quality is great and they are really, really comfortable. I have other JBL products and am VERY pleased with them! I would definitely recommend these!!
This is our second set which was purchased for my wife. Have had mine about two years. Wife is extremely pleased, says sound is so much better than another manufacturers wired unit. Could not be happier.
I brought the Basslink to give my car stereo a little more punch.  Wow did it ever do the job and then some.  Simple to install and it made my little Tracker thumb.  This is the third basslink I have purchased and I would recommend to friends and family.
I installed 2 pair in my 2002 Mercury Mountaineer.  I replaced the factory premium speakers due to muffled sound quality.  The Polk speakers sound excellent.  They perform outstanding with the factory sub-woofer and radio.  I am very pleased with the speaker's performance.
I have neva bumpy so loud poot in boc and blew up swap for nu one and bumpy again now my box smells toasty
Bought them from Target online - just tried them - almost non existent base. Will return them and keep looking for better sport headphones.
I purchased my JBL flip 4 speaker two weeks ago and I absolutely love it. The sound is amazing, crystal clear. Highly recommend   This speaker to purchase. I play it every evening when I get home from work, matter-of-fact I'm playing it right now as I send this review.
Fantastic sound! Portable. Easy to use. I can easily plug my mp3 and phone. My sister got the same and totally loved it. That is why I decided to buy one for myself. Highly recommend it.
I bought four speakers to cover my 40'x22' patio and installed the rubber insert in order to make the speaker water tight.
I listened to the music reproduced by the speaker and was impressed about the high quality sound. But i like to hear stereophon. Could You please develop speakers wich allow to select between mono, left or right channel. Thanks Achilles Venus
I bought one for me and my girlfriend, and we really like the design and portability of the speaker. I was a little disappointed at the volume, wishing it was quite a bit stronger. Nonetheless, the design is nice and is easy to use by the pool.
This is a great sounding center speaker. I have  had it matched to a a few different pairs of Polk speakers, old and new, and they all sounded awesome. You can get these for less money now-a-days so they are a great bargan!
Pulled the trigger on these today and haven't regretted it since. Very strong bass but not overpowering. Mids and highs are very crisp and warm.
Thank you for taking time to review our product. Your valuable feedback will assist other customers during the decision making process
The sound quality and basse quality is great you can play music so loud and clear that its not a problem to have a proper banging house party batery life got no competition compare to other portable speakers recomend to anybody who is looking to buy the best avelible portable speaker .
i bought this jbl a year ago in an excellent condition. but today the left woofer just broken. and i don''t know where to service it
Replaced my JBL-GHE-1000v i bought in 1997 with the Studio 590 - The half price sale made these affordable for me . I am very happy with the clarity and dynamic sound from them. Veey satisfied with the 590s and i would recommend them to anyone  who enjoys great sound ! Thanks JBL
I already bought the jbl charge for my wife(she loves it) just bought charge 3 for my mother same results! Wouldnt hesitate to buy another.
I bought my first wireless speaker from Bose and really enjoying the great features. Sounds is so great and volume is awesome.
This system is incredible,the sound is fantastic,very easy to set up on ipad-pc,control at your fingertips.Would recommend to anyone.
Bought these for my 6 year old to use on the plane. He loves them, very trendy in blue for a young boy, bought direct from jbl and got them at the best price available with an excellent service
An excellent product, with great design and amazing sound. The set up was easy and flawless. I only wish Alexa was activated in Greece!
I bought this speaker several months ago I love it I turn it on just to hear it, I was afraid to buy it but hey it surprised me we have a big room and it's plenty crisp clean sound it beats my Harmon Kardon sound bar easily as far a sound quality
i have used the old ones , white and black wire once the connecting wire to the phone end , for the new headphones is straight and bends i am worried of it braking in few months time ; sound is great 5* as always ; value for money
Tangle free cable, balanced bass, accurate sound. Mic disappointed me little bit... Otherwise all good...
My granddaughter is very happy with her new Inspire 200. The magnets keep it from tangling up. The color goes with her phone case. And it does not fall out of the ear. Thank you and Jesus loves you
I got these today at lunch. They are AWESOME! They do everything they say they do! It blocked out my husband talking and the ball game at 35 + on the tv volume. When I turned the aware "off" I barely heard a thing!Thank you BOSE! Awesome!
This wireless speaker is my favorite the sound that comes out sounds is perfect and the bass is like what they say you hear it you see it .compared to other that cost more and sound cheap !. buy one and you see what I mean very pleased..
Great sound in a very compact package. Good connectivity from phone and iPad, and long battery life which is very convenient. Looks good too!
This is a really great product. I love the size, color options and the sound quality is amazing! It's expensive but worth it.
While shopping for a home theater speakers package,Iwas set on buying Acoustic Reseach.Until I heard the RM6200.I immediately made up my mind and purchased the RM6200+PSW250 the sound is amazing.Thanks you for a great sub/sat.hometheater at a great price
In my family we have multiple devices. My wife has an iHome,  my son has JVC and I have my Bose. Funny, when we are all outside, everyone wants to use my Bose. Wonder why? Bose is best.
I had a second thought of buying this, but I'm glad I did. Expensive, yes!, but in a way NO because it gives you the most you are expecting.
I bought it in sale of Memorial day . I am pretty happy with the quality of sound at the rate i got it ($30.0) , couldn't expect more out of it ... Also they gave me an solid cover which i never expected to be in the kit . Well it was definitely one of good purchase i made in this year ...
What a fantastic buy! The sounds is incredible, clear, and fits perfectly into my 7.1 surround sound system. Word to the wise, this speaker is on the large side, so if you don't have the room for it, you may opt for the smaller CS10.
These headphones are VERY comfortable.  It's unbelievable how much outside noise is eliminated once you turn them on.  I purchased them to use for frequent travel but find myself using them at home to listen to music due to the clarity and comfort.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these.
This is my 2nd Mini. I bought this one because I can charge USB.  The music is crystal clear, great midrange and base. Unbelievable Bass from such a little miracle.  I don't leave home without this.
I've got a pair of these in my car with an MTX 404 on them and with company from 2 of polks 2124 12" subs i would have to say that my system rocks. Hard bass, clean highs and clean mids make for the best sounding stereo I've ever herd. You guys at polk are the stuff.
Very good sound for its size.   Excellent build quality.   I love the fact that it's waterproof.   Just what I have come to expect from JBL.
I wanted something I could carry around with good sound and this did the trick I love it would highly recommend it
I love this speaker the only thing that boathers me is that the clip itself is wierd.I dont know if its just a malfunction or something on my speaker put the little pin keeps poping out i dont know why but everything else is perfect
Had these for over 5 yrs they are without doubt the best set of speakers Iv ever had.  I rigged up a Bluetooth adaptor to the Jack plug.  Tip top sound but needs updating with Bluetooth or wifi.  Also the volume bezel rubber ring perishes after a few yrs rubber goes sticky not very nice.
Saw it at a friends wedding and ordered my own, get lots of interest in the lights show as well as how great the sound is.
I bought this about a year ago.  Every time I travel/go somewhere, I bring this because it has a hook for a backpack, etc.  The sound I great for such a small speaker.  I would recommend this product!
This is my first bose product and it is awesome. But it would be better if this comes in more colours.
I love how small this speaker is and that it's portable....great to use when I am in the shower because it's waterproof too!
I think the sound quality is great. And I'm honestly surprised how much bass it has. I took it camping with me and forgot the charger and it literally lasted the whole weekend.
Best headphones I've used so far ! I was looking for headphones which will not be to big and with a good sound quality. I think the K518 is the perfect match. A great & sober design, a good sound isolation, they are my everyday partners ! Love them !
My boyfriend bought this for me yesterday and I love it clean clear crisp sound and does not bog down when u have a song on with a lot of bass
I have a pair of RTi A9s connected to my computer. I use them for listening to music, watching TV, and playing video games. These things handle anything you throw at them with ease.
Absolutely love this! We are short on space and so no room for a larger system with sub woofer. The Bose solo II is awesome on its own!
i picked these up for my 06 mazda6 ... Got them for 100 for both pairs on sale... huge deal.. put them in and got them amped.. sound quality is great
Bluetooth headphones dom JBL is great but add on the heart rate monitor and link it with under armour and you've got something amazing.   Very satisfied with my purchase
I use this speaker daily. I have owned about two months and I am very glad I bought it. JBL has been very easy to deal with. I most certainly recommend JBL.
I got a pair of the JBL Duet NC's when I got my brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 9 and I think I love these more then the phone itself like the look and feel of them is insane and the quality is just amazing.
I gave this as a gift to a friend and they can not stop talking about how great it is to have at the pool while she is laying out!  She loves the sound quality and the volume!
Yarmaine Here, I brought The JBL Flip 3 Last year 2016 12/12/2016 Was Happy that I did Amazing Sound out of Something So Little Yes, Told myself A 2nd JBL Will do just dind the JBL Connect Awesome feature.
I left my JBL Reflect buds in my sweat pants. My wife washed them. They went through a full wash cycle and a full dry cycle and they still work perfectly. I don't recommend this as a thing to do but I am amazed that they still work perfectly. Great Job JBL!!!!!
I like the build quality, Google Now, and LED light features.  Flexible band wraps securely around your neck too, and the volume/track buttons are easy to press/access.
I bought these sunglasses in San Francisco and use them everyday cycling in Ireland. Very good job done by Bose.
I've just bought these with the F1 subs and wow they are the best what can I say Bose have done it again. I've come from using Bose 802 to these 812 and love them thank you for making the sound so clear
love these little speakers with a big sound they fit in your pant pockets and can answer calls and are clear with a push of a button i have three now and thank the jbl team for such an amazing little speaker   THANK YOU!!!!
i just everyone to know that these speakers are the best i ever came across. you guys out there who like to speand money on bose speakers needs to listen to polk speakers
Bought the Bose Solo 5 for my desk. Reading the reviews, I was a little worried that the Solo wouldn't offer much and had considered returning the it back the store before even opening the box. However, the Solo is a great desktop speaker that offers a wide range of sound. More that satisfied. +++++
I have a problem that there are no themes I can choose as described in quick start guide. The version of the app is v2.4. Anyone can help me?  BTW, it is a good product with great sound and amazing light.
Im happy i bought this clip cause i go hiking alot and omg it sounds wonderful. Dont have to through the hassle of a sweaty phone. So im super glad i bought this!
got it 2 days ago and its incredible, the sound, audio, bass, and the basic product itself is outstanding
Just got it .Sound is Amazing. Absolutely stunning high quality sound from Bose Definitely! The best..
This product is perfect for the pool. Or on foot. Or anywhere you want and don't need electricity. Long lasting battery produces hours of clear and powerful sound!
Just bought this speaker from the local Bose store today and I have to say this speaker is top notch. The sound is so clean at any volume. Its loud and smooth. Better than any other bluetooth speaker I've heard. Just go and buy it already.
I'm not an ear buds kinda guy but I got a set for Christmas and wow are these awesome I love these so much..I use them at work and when mowing the lawn. Now I only wish the battery lasted as long as my android..lol
This wireless system is flawless and it a great buy for the money! I would highly recommend this system because it performs like none other.
I have bought this , years after hearing it in a mall in America and I am so sorry I waited so long .I have listened to cds I have not heard for years and they are so much better than I remembered them 5 stars I would recommend it to anyone
Just arrived and managed to convert my amp to work on my Bose system. Saved a lot of money and couldn't be more pleased, although the price for what it is isn't exactly cheap.
My first Bose setup and I absolutely love it. Sound is incredible for music, tv and movies. Just got it yesterday and it has been on pretty much the whole time. Hope it lasts. Thanks Bose.
I bought 3 sets of headphones for the family, all over the moon with the quality.. peace and quiet for me
I thought these were going to be weak headphones especially for the price but when I got them they have good bass and sound quality also not as heavy as I expected great for the pricing and all around a good product
I bought a 2nd wireless adapter from Bose to expand out my music to my entire house. Easy installtaion, Easy setup, Easy operation
All around an awesome product! Great sound, innovative light-show you can change with iphone app, and this thing is quite durable. 
Love my families JBL flip! Fun for the pool parties and easy to take anywhere ! Great compact speaker
I bought one for myself when I heard and saw the colors at a retail store. The sound could be heard throughout the store!!! Loved it so much bought one for my son. He is going to buy a second one!!!
I love Bose stuff. Have headphones, sound touch 30 & Solo 15 series II TV sound system all excellent products. The sound is 5star. Can't say any more.....
I bought the JBL Go first but needed something for biking, rollerblading & walking the pooch.  The Clip works great.
I got these and I loved them ! I use them when I'm working out I think everybody should get these ((:
I purchased this about 3 weeks and love it. The sound quality is great and the colors are beautiful. This my first time purchasing from JBL and I'm impressed. This is perfect for outings at the park or just hanging out with your friends and family. You'll love it!
I bought this sometime ago. It's played daily and I have to say is like having the performers in your room. BRILLIANT!
I bought this recently and it is totally worth the price!!!! It sounds amazing and can go very loud. I love it and am very happy with it.
I purchased this item 3 months back and absolutely love them. Could not believe they were "factory renewed". Great item and the price was outstanding. An item to try if you are not ready for a larger investment in the Bose QC line.
I purchased two of the JBL Flip 2 speakers (1 for me and the other as a gift) and we were amazed with the sound this portable speaker produces. I definitely recommend this product.
I loved these and already did a review. I contacted the company regarding the warranty and they sent me a replacement!
Just switched from the Beats Solo2 Wireless to these and I am in love! The around ear style made a huge difference for me, and I was able to enjoy the music more than the beats. Bose does an amazing job of focussing on clarity of music which I love. Best headphones I have ever owned :D
For pure quality sound and ultimate comfort, these are the ones. I had beats by dre but they do not compare to these.
I got these because they were supposed to fit well and they do! Very secure fit and the case has so much backup power it works great. The only issue I have is that there is no way to use only the left earpiece. It's the right side or both. I don't mind it but it would be a nice feature.
This subwoofer sounds so good. It has bass that isn't so heavy that you cant stand it its just clear bass. You can feel it in the floor and it was really easy to set it up with the soundbar. Everything worked so well in the app.
Always and an unknown when it comes to buying anything without having the luxury of trying them out. In this case I was really pleased to “hear” the quality of these ear buds! Love them.   I’d buy more tomorrow
4xfggv  <a href="http://qfwquibrxcqc.com/">qfwquibrxcqc</a>, [url=http://gqbvsrlngegz.com/]gqbvsrlngegz[/url], [link=http://vhxyropcgpea.com/]vhxyropcgpea[/link], http://iprgmolpbfyp.com/
Excellent product, clear sounds, no distortion!! Installed in a corolla with 4 6.5¨ front and rear plus 2 subs 12 inch polk momo, powered with a punch rockford fosgate 200 & Polk 4 ch 400 w, blows your mind off!!
I bought this a week ago the sound and quality of this JBL flip 4 is  amazing !  Would highly recommend !
Tried the cs250's and found them to be no better. This is where my Polk system started. These speakers are fine if you add some volume to the centre channel and send the bass to some big floor standing speakers.
I bought my QuietComfort 35s 4 months ago and so far its been great. The noise cancelling is out of this world.
I bought it a month before I really liked it battery life and comfort but I think they should design in a way that it could connect more than 2 devices
Great for small rooms or those who wish to add just a bit of kick to their system.  The sleek finish goes well in most rooms.
This is a great choice for the living room ! When I watch tv I don't always use my 7.1 surround system  And my tv speaker blew so I got this and I can't believe the sound it's really impressive and you can blue tooth to it really nice 
Really happy with my headphones... also, we can charge it with the iPhone wall charger... don't buy the charger, use the one that you have...
I absolutely love this speaker. I wish they would have come up with a case for it and a App. with an equalizer. Also, there is a bass trade off when you turn up the volume, the bass fades out. Lastly, they could have put a lanyard ring on this somewhere, how hard would that have been.
I needed some everyday speakers. Almost bought the charge but hear the charge 2 was coming. I waited and happy I did.
Saw these were top rated online and fit well and thought I'd try. These fit so well and stay in my ear! They also block more background noise then the typical buds supplied with phones.
Just got it. Sound quality is average but the build quality is really good. You should buy it on sale because I don't think it is worth 60CAD or 40USD
I have three of these subs,hopeing for another, in my dodge with a 1200 watt amp and its the loudest around my area. I would recomend these to anyone who is considering them.
I purchased this about 6 months ago to use with my iPhone, I am very pleased with the sound from it.
I love my speaker it such a treasure to have in the home I can take it with me through out the house and at the job it's so convenient to have and the sound is great.
This headphone make you fully sink into the music and focus on that. Good EQ setup on the headphone and you can enjoy your own music anytime in anywhere
I have two with CD players and my latest is without. I've never experienced any of the issues I've read regarding the CD player, mine both work great. My question is when will Bose come out with an android app so I can manage my wave machine through my phone?
Did a lot of research on it before I purchased this product before my spring semester started and I don’t regret it at all. Amazing speaker for its price. Bass hits well, LOUD and clear, waterproof, durable and looks great. 10/10 product!
Bought these for when I'm on the airplane. Just in case of no Bluetooth rule. Comes with nice caring case.
I was skeptical when I bought it. I got it on a very good deal. You would love the bass and sound quality. Excellent product and very good premium sound headphones. Definitely a buy.
great sound and feel. best i ever tried. mode select is a little confusing not know what mode you are in
My parents bought me this and I was crying when I saw it. But when I heard it, I was amazed. Sound quality is amazing
great sound also great dongle for volume and etc:: felt like i was not wearing them  they are very stylish and made really great i cannot fault them
Really good subwoofer for the price. I bought one for a single box i had. Was convinced and really enjoyed the quality so i bought another two.
I have heard many really good speakers and even occasionally make my own, being a Dee Jay I often crank speakers up for pleasing friends and family. These speakers really pump it out an outstanding price & value, clean and detailed and great bass.
F4sv1t  <a href="http://nenbxfueqwle.com/">nenbxfueqwle</a>, [url=http://rpskxbqxocpt.com/]rpskxbqxocpt[/url], [link=http://aiijfpuntvju.com/]aiijfpuntvju[/link], http://cwlpgncodopp.com/
Been looking at these for a while and I ordered this just after Christmas. Delivered yesterday and was a sinch to setup. The sound is amazing and I can't wait to add further speakers.
Great sound quality and excellent design. Would love to have little bigger version of this with improved battery life  up to 15 hours and more louder with waterproof design in Bose SoundLink Mini III
I was skeptical due to the price but the quality of sound is awesome. Just bought my second soundtouch.
cos i felt my ipad speak is very weak, i bought soundlink mirco i love it soooo much. although i am using in bathroom it has super nice sound. i love it soooo much.  ps i have another nose speaker connecting with my tv. It is super great too. i love bose (⁎⁍̴̛ᴗ⁍̴̛⁎)
Looks and sounds good.  Two issues- the letters on the remote are hard to read in dim light and Alexa only controls volume and on/off.  Better if it can switch between music, tv and Bluetooth, and switch presets.
These subs rocked my el camino, they pulled so much power out of my amp, because i was running them 2 ohm. My has to be repaired now. They even broke my review mirror!!
It's always good to have extras of these and I think they work well. Both the StayHear Ultra headset and these StayHear Ultra tips are great! Only problem is they only sent me one pair, not "2 pairs" as described. I have order these twice now as was shorted each time.
When i bought it , i wasn´t sure enough because i had a beatbox portable but now i could hear the truth, it´s amazing the bluetooth conexión and truly happy after one week with my choice
i like the design and was able to set up and understand controls with out owners manual. sound quailty is good much better than the i phone speaker. would buy again.
The sound is amazing. This is my third shot at something for cool sound. Nothing else is close. I would buy again. It sounds like your there.
I got the Extreme for half off during Black Friday Week. My cheerleader daughter took it on the team bus after we won the football state championship and said it rocked. “We are the champions... Of the state!”
Doesnt work I bought this 1 day ago, then today i found my remote is always flashing between music, TV and Bluetooth. I tried to pair as a new remote but sounder couldn't find the remote.
Jesus Christ im still shaking.This sub is amazing and my companion has become jealous because I have a new love.The Subwoofer.
Phenomenal bass from this sub-woofer, cheaper than others with similar specifications. Compliments my Klipsch tower speakers and my Energy surrounds very well. I'm very happy but not my neighbors ;)
I got these around 7 months ago from amazon india . Very happy that i did. Its a bit expensive but for the sound and the comfort that it provides , makes it well worth it . Great Bass , Rich mids maybe lacking a bit on the treble . Overall fantastic for a wireless pair of headphones.
Except the foam gum sleeves. Mine those sleeves goes broken. Actually, using the small sleeve because is uncomfortable to use with the M/L sleeve size.  Otherwise, excellent quality sound. Lord bass. Good product. I recommend.
I have the wireless one Bose headphones I just ordered the new wireless 2 headphones in the headphones can hear your text messages from your iPhone when u r hook up iPad as well thank u
This is the quality product that I expected to receive from Bose! Easy to use with exceptional sound quality.
This headphones are the best thing of my day, it drowns all the noise around my work station including loud coworkers and construction outside the window. The only con I found is the battery life.
I've had mine hooked up in a 5th wheel, not only do I hear my movie and music loud and clear but so do my neighbors.
When taking or making calls you only get sound from right bud making it hard to hear the person talking need stereo not mono. Please fix!!!!
The sound quality is a lot better than the JBL Charge 3. At low volume and high volume, the sound is excellent. The design is very good, and it has great battery life. It is a little bit bigger than the Charge 3.
These are the finest speakers I've had on my computer, I have a 7.1 HD sound card, but these speakers from the USB blows the 7.1 HD out of the water.
Mind blowing sound for 4 6.5" drivers. Exceptional low end for no large drivers Just plain pretty to look at
I got these for my wife for our anniversary. She loves them. Easy to use at the gym, she tickled pink with them.
I've been a Bose person for decades and the signature sound that Bose is known for always delivers. Plan on purchasing the Bass speaker next to compliment the already rich tone of the Soundbar 500 and add even more punch and deep bottom
My first Bose purchase and I was not disappointed. Room-filling wide soundstage with good low-notes production from compact speakers. I would definitely recommend them to anybody in this price bracket.
I have had these "buds" for a while and they work well for me. They fit well and sound quality is just fine.
i had never herd of the brand jbl before i got given a pair and wow they sound just as good as my $ 2,000 sound system...
I bought this speaker 3 weeks ago and  absolutely love it. I use it at and in the pool. I travel for work and bring it with me to pair with my tablet for watching Netflix. Ready to buy a second one to pair them together for real stereo sound.
Soft, rich and deep sounding.  Great for music, bur subtle enough for quiet movies.  I have yet to find a drawback, perfect option for someone looking for floorstanding sound in a bookshelf speaker.  Careful with demensions, they are bigger than what they seem in pictures!
For work. I'm a electrical engineer and I would love safety glasses that are clear so I can work . And list to music you if. You can 5*
The says it all... simply the best. .. I cant wait to take them to the shooting range, or get on the airplane, or just wanna block someone out. No other brand gets close!
Overall in my opinion, for the money I feel these are great speakers. I've ran mine on amplifiers from Marantz to Classe'. These speakers sound better the more power you put into them.
I purchased this 4 days ago at best buy and i cant love it more! Im going to take it to a different country and party everyday hahah the sound is great, neat and powerful! Couldnt ask for a better speaker im really happy!
I received these headphones as a gift and its the best headphones I ever tried. Now I have everything with Bose. I initially thought the white would be very easy to dirty, but its now 5 months and its still white. The battery life is a massive bonus too. Absolutely love it.
Wow!  this is one mean center channel speaker it goes well with my 51 inch tv makes my home theater look what a surround sytem should look aggresive. and for the sound it goes well with my 8oois and 300is surround speakers
I love this earphones but mostly the customer service that Bose employees provide when dealing with a warranty issue.
I thought after reading through the reviews I was going to have a problem with the zipper.  Either they changed the design or I got lucky, no problems here.  Product works as advertised, thank you BOSE
The speaker works great after I figured out how to connect to my devices. I would give 5 stars if it had better instructions on how to operate it.
ordered this three days before Christmas and received it on Christmas Eve. How's that for service? This product lives up to all the hype, simple to set up with both my iPad and iPhone and delivers a fabulous full sound that you wouldn't believe. May seem a little expensive but well worth the price.
I bought this along with a surround sound system and it works perfectly I would recommend it to anybody 10/10
I bought this because I am a lift operator. The sound is good and can be heard over the hum of the lift. Bass is decent, though could be a bit better. Overall excellent bang for your buck.
I love them, they are easy to use and just perfect for working out no mater what you are doing. The sound quality is amazing and they are so comfortable. I actually look forward to going to the gym. I highly recommend them!
I really enjoy using these headphones, the sound is crystal clear and the bluetooth connection works perfectly! I am using them a lot during workout and commute. The battery lasts easily all week (with around 1 to 2 hours use per day). Would totally recommend for the sound quality which is awesome!
I treated myself for Father's Day...I have another wireless device it's good but this thing is "AWESOME" I love the light display....JBL struck GOLD with this one...
slick, smooth and clear. Perfect earphones. I am a city worker and constantly using the headphones for calls and to listen to music/podcasts when I need to block out the rest of the world. I can not hear anyone from the outside, that is how good the in ear phones are.
just received these and they are brilliant. Bought JBL on the recommendation of my husband, who has a lot of experience buying and using professional music kit. Very good sound and the wireless distance is good.  Very good product, quick and speedy service. Thank you JBL
Picked up for $120 at JBL site on sale. Great sound and love the color of grill. Could not justify purchase if, I had to pay full retail at $399. The speaker takes up some space but then you get a great sound I am not an audiophile just old Artillery ears that needs some extra boom.
I got this a month ago and this is honestly the best bluetooth speaker for the money you can buy. From Stevie Wonder's Superstition to Drake's 0 to 100, the Lows Highs and Mids are always very present and very crisp. The JBL Flip 2 is a joy to listen to.
Pros: First experience with JBL. Very present sound and rich defined basses (very on the edge but defined). Cons: the cable transmits the vibration a lot to the ears and the microphone is very sensitive to touch with clothes or zips.
For the price of this mic you really cant go wrong. It is an awesome mic with great performance. You do get some background noise / interference but it is not noticeable at all unless you really amp up the sound.
I bought this for my hubby who is really particular about electronics and he loves it. It has great sound and he likes that it can stand as well as lay down. It's easy yo use, seems pretty durable and has great features, plus the sound quality is amazing for the price!
i bought this on amazon couple month ago. pretty satisfy so far. however, that battery pack is a little bit clumsy. maybe a pill shape would be better.
Bought for daughter's birthday over a week ago and she loves it.  Great sound, paired straight away to i phone 5S and ipads.  Battery still not worn down from initial use!  Very sturdy yet looks cool. Very happy.
Hello Brothers! <a href="http://shortlink.co.uk/d4u#phentermine?1adv=1">cheap phentermine</a> [url=http://shortlink.co.uk/d4u#phentermine?1adv=2]cheap phentermine[/url] http://shortlink.co.uk/d4u#phentermine?1adv=3
I bought this a year ago and i love it!!! I have used it everywhere I go. I got rid of my stereo and preferred this instead. Better sound quality!!
I have had a pair of these speakers for about four years. With the recent purchase of some LSi25's, I still love the way these sound. Of course, I won't really get the most out of the LSi25's with my current amplifier.
Got them for Christmas to use with my iMac computer.  They will not connect with a computer.  They will connect with my iPhone and iPad.  I have ear buds them because I don't want to lug around a large pair of ear phones. I am trying to find out if I can buy another type of connecter.
Does exactly what it says. Just with it had a better battery. As an audio expert I would give the quality 4/5. The bass is fantastic!
Bought as a family gift for xmas and waited to review. The little guy is better than I had hoped and well worth the price.  Will be nabbing a second one, or maybe a Charge 4 to expand the low-end when using connect+.
I bought the tsx550t towers the tsx250c and two sets of tsx220 as well as four polk 12" subs (psw505) running off a Yamaha rxv773. It sounds unbelievable. I listened to a lot of brands be for I bought and you can not touch this polk setup without spending twice as much.
Sound quality is so good it’s unbelievable, similar to my QC35 ver 2.  Recommendation to the fullest.  Easy to put into ear and portable.
Great headphones for working out in. Theses are the only headphones that will stay in my ears when running and jumping.
Works really well, with great sound.I've noticed a few negative reviews and don't know what the fuss is about.Just make sure you have a decent wireless router.
Wow JBL, I'm glad I bought the Charge 4! Packs huge sound for it's size, definitely fills the room with grace. The bass could be a little deeper for outdoors but indoors sounds terrific! A must buy and quite honestly second to none for speakers it's size!
I love the sound quality and they feel good in the ear but dont buy unless you want people hearing what your listening too
Excellent sound, the beat is noticeable, and being waterproof makes it even better but the white color gets dirty easily
Can't work properly with Google Home. Goes off into sleep mode every 30 minutes when idle. Have always need to turn on manually. Frustrating. Will swap to another brand. Other than that is very good.
Good basic headphones at this price. Sound quality is very good and controls are simple to operate. No problems with connecting to my Apple devices. These are on ear phones and get a little uncomfortable after long periods. I’m happy with this purchase.
Best 4x6's I sampled in my long hunt for my ideal car stereo setup.  The highs are piercing, and each note is crystal clear.  No comparison to the stock speakers I had.
this sub is awsome, i have 2 of these with 200 watts to each and they sound so high, even with little power.
Family owns a few of these speakers.   Finally bought mine at a great price.  The sound is great and battery life is excellent.   Love it!
I bought this about 5 months ago. It is great sound for gaming and videos. I enjoy using the bluetooth function on it with my iPhone. I would definitely recommend this for family or friends.
I bought this a month ago it definitely beats having something in your ear at work for 8 hrs, however the battery only last for 5 hrs I have to charge it at my 15 minute break and lunch in order to have continuous listening for my 8 he work day.
i recently installed these in my car running off a profile california amplifier at 80w rms. after playing them for a while, these speakers sound great. highs arent to bright, and they also produce good mids. these replaced a pair of polk ex2 series 4x6s. im very happy with them so far.
I have 4 JBL L-80ti from the 80' but now, more than 30 years later, i buy these 2 JBL Studio 590 and all I can say is, they are perfect for me. A WALL of GOOD SOUND. I have buy also 2 JBL Studio 210 surround. You can buy eyes close... JBL THE BEST !
Has to be one of the best subwoofer bargains on the market. Powerful! Polk Audio just flat out makes great stuff!
I am so, very happy to have purchased this speaker. Out of all speakers my family has ever had, this one just blows my mind with the sound, clarity and precision. I'm sold on this brand. I love it.
Bought 2 pair a few weeks ago; one for work, the other for exercise. Only used for work so far but they do feel very secure in my ear, highly doubt they'd pop out from running. They are a bit uncomfortable to wear for long periods though ~3 hours
I didn't expect the sound to be so clean and tight, which I love. Great sounding highs. Complements my existing system nicely. Beautiful finish, nice styling. I am very pleased so far.  Joe
These speakers are the best in their class and price range. These speakers look beautiful in your living room.
I ordered this product and i could not wait to get it...it was backordered and now i know why...this is an amazing improvement on my TV sound...easy setup and no issues
We are boat manufacture and adopting your product for years. Customers are impressed by your product and good feedback.
This is one of the best-looking subs you can buy at this price range, and performance is exceptional.  Very clean, tight bass at all volume levels.  I'm running it off an Alpine MRD-M605 (600W) and it does great!  Highly recommended.
I received the Quietcomfort 35 as a Christmas gift and they are Bose's best headphones yet in my humble opinion. Bluetooth pairing was seamless and the sound was fantastic! I downloaded the Bose Comfort app - what a terrific new feature! I highly recemmend this product!
I bought this speaker for fathers day and we used it this past weekend. It is very loud and powerful. Everyone at our gathering was like what a cool speaker!
Easy set up and great sound. Only critisism is with the Internet Radio keeps dropping out ' Very Frustrating ' not acceptable on this level of quality product Bose.
Bought two of these for Christmas gifts. My young adult children really enjoy them and think the sound is very good. I chose these over the other very good brand because it can charge their phone.
I just bought my second pair.  I like the corded version, no need to charge and always ready.  Works great with my phone
I don't know how we would get through the day without this. We take turns to link up our favourite playlists and are able to enjoy great quality audio all day long. Love it! Pricey, but worth it for sure
I have nuthing but love for my polk audio momos. They hit louder then any sub i have put them against.  They look sweet also. I have 2 sitting in my trunk run by a sony 1000watt xplod amp.
Bought the JBL On Stage Micro on sale from the jbl.com site for under $30 and glad that I did.  it plays my iPod Nano (6th Gen) with a few of the buttons on the remote, but does not have the ability to go back to the menus.  Still a good value if you have the old 30 pin iPod, like I do.
I got these little gems a few weeks ago and I love them. I'm not used to wearing them and the sound quality is right on point. I especially love them for working out and even talking on the phone. They are a little pricey but worth the money.
I love my Flip 4 it has been a great speaker so far.  We enjoyed Ken Burns Vietnam on it intense sound. It seems to handle all my music and links up easy.
I have to say this is only my second JBL speaker but I am not disappointed at all. The sound quality is rich and smooth and the bass is crazy! I have used JBL connect with my pulse 3 and it just enhances the experience even more! Be sure to go grab one! JBL Boombox is dope period!
I love themWould recommend them to all my friend I also have a second pair of bose had those for four ears,,,so I bought myself these wireless one?and I also have the bose sound bar!Also own two speakers for my stereo system?best sound ever
This are my first BT headphones and I just love them! The sound quality is awesome and the controls are great, I can pickup any call without taking my smartphone out of my pocket.
Bought this a week ago and so far, very impressed. The design does look like it could be potentially uncomfortable, however have been wearing these for several hours every day and no issues at all.
I love this product. I have it in my kitchen and it sounds amazing. I am not sure what everyone is talking about with the music dropping out, mine hasn't done that and I've had mine for four months now. Anyways I love it and it sounds amazing I would definitely buy another one for downstairs:)
Sounds amazing very nice so happy thanks bose so happy I bought them I have the air pods as well but bose are better. But they stick out a bit I like the sound one bose but not in ear but are still very good with them
I am quite a newbie in the home audio world.  I read good reviews about these Polk speakers and I am not disapointed.  The sound is very clear and nice with my Denon receiver.  I will soon add two more Polk bookshelf speakers to complete my 7.1 setup.
Bought this speaker used off eBay in 2004 to complement my LS90's and LSfX surrounds. Match's well and has provided years of quality entertainment.
I have aways known about these speakers for year but today I got tem for my Macbook Pro 2016 Touchbar setup and I must say. I do love them.
Excellent product for the price. I mostly purchased them for gym usage and they have proved durable enough to withstand a slight beating.
Just bought a pair and i love them so far. Working out in them was great, no issues staying in my ear. The sound is great. The only downfall is really the price tag.
Bought for use on pool deck. Sound is great, pairing is simple and reliable. Should have bought two!
I received a set a year ago. Let my daughter use them and now I purchased a set for her for this holiday
Finally earbuds that not only allow me to comfortably IMMERSE myself in the music, listen to airline announcements, communicate with others AND not fiddle with the buds or play catch with wireless buds on airports escalators!
I had been looking for a portable speaker to carry with me to the beach and nothing ever seemed durable enough or high quality. With my JBL Charge 3 I get high quality sound with durability AND a nice, sleek look!
Ive had these for about a month and am fairly happy with them. A better selection of sounds would be nice. They fit well and stay in place. They do a decent job of blocking outside noise (cough, cough, wife snores...)
s very impressed! Small speaker but huge sound. It is a great speaker I am thinking about getting the charge or flip for even more Soud
Buy the model JBLCHARGE3SQUADAM and has a separation of the cover in the union of the bottom part, is it a manufacturing defect? The sound is very good. Attached photos
Perfect headphones for any lifestyle.  You don't have to worry about constantly adjusting them because they fit perfectly and stay in place. I would recommend this product to anybody.
I bought 2 JBL GTO S3 1024 10" subs, and powering them w/ JBL GTO EZ1001 amp, and they sound great! Very clean! A very sweet combo.
Its like hitting the jackpot for this purchase, speaker was loud and clear, not to mention the durability it has. Using this for my mountain biking.
Awesome, Love it, great sound and long battery life makes this the best thing in a long time! Yea I would recommend it over and over to anyone that want to know about one!..
My boyfriend gave this to me as a gift about two years ago, and it's still going strong! The battery life is so long lasting, and the speaker has a great sound. For such a small speaker, it can get very loud and still have great quality. Would definitely recommend!
This speaker is the best investment! The sound is super crisp and the bass is so deep. Amazing over all!!
Got this a few ago, love the sound and is great for my tastes in music, however it would be even better if it was more compatible with another make of amp as this only works with soundbar
so i would never spend this much money on a speaker, but i was gifted one, and i really like it. good sound, good battery life. i also dropped it out of a 3rd story hotel room last night on to hard black top and its totally fine. after that i would def buy one.
Great sound and really easy to use. The mobile app is complex but pretty cool to play around with and adjust the sound. They are comfortable and light and are the best headphones I have ever had
I bought these for my sport ear buds to replace the ones that come with them they are a HUGE improvement on the originals and should come with every pair of Bose ear buds.
If I had two more ears I would order another set wow think my puppy wants a set two my wife likes to watch tv at night and there horror story’s not scared any more from the screams thanks ulysses
I picked up this system around the holidays. It was a screaming deal and great value. Setup was easy as can be. I paired this with a Denon receiver and went through the automatic setup process. My wife now asks me what that sound is only to find out that it's the surround speakers.
Great sound quality, stays charged for a long period of time. I use mine everyday and it lasts about 5-6 days on one charge
I have the earphones for about a month. At first I was a bit worried about the neckband but the sound makes it all worth it. I have the QC20 and the sound is about the same but the wireless is a big plus.
I got my revolve a couple of months ago and I love it! Best portable speaker I've ever had. I took it with me on holidays to Bali, all my friends love it as it kept the music pumping by the pool all day long without worring about it getting wet. Now all my friends have one too.
These things are life savers on airplanes and the NYC subway. They cut down on so much background noise, which makes traveling much less stressful. About to buy a pair for my mom for Mother's Day!
I have been using my little hockey puck (as I call it) for many months now when I go biking. It has good sound, the bluetooth is strong enough to connect to my phone in my bag while attached to my coat and the rechargeable battery lasts through a full day or two of biking (or many days commuting)
Turn these sleepbuds into earbuds and they could really challenge for the airpods' throne. Great fit, good battery, really understated when in ear. Please make this happen bose! Please we apple outsiders need you.
I was using the David Clarks great headset. However, I switched over to the A-20 it was truly amazing !!! The very first moment I wore these it blew my mind how good they are! They are honestly worth every penny and the best investment a pilot can make.
Only had this a couple weeks. Really like the loudness and sound quality. Perfect for what I need it for. Hopefully get to use it a bit more over summer.
Bought five and gave them to each of my kids (adults) for Christmas.   Each one has thanked me and told me how great this device has been for them.  One taks it to work and the entire office enjoys music because of it.  Score!
I was to suprice with firts connection, all run without problem and quick. Sound is enaught for my small office.
My wife loves the wave soundtouch I bought her. I had bought a soundtouch just a month before and it sits in my rec room. Only question, can I connect a multi-cd changer to the soundtouch wave?
I've had my headset for about 4 months and I treat them like gold. I know they're built to last, well that's why I treat the like gold...I want them to last!
I don't know why it took me so long to look at Bose for my computer speakers - I have Bose products throughout my house. But I can tell you, these are the best small computer/audio speakers I've ever experienced. The only downside? I had to buy to more pair for my kids, who were hopelessly jealous.
Perfect for the price.  I use these under an overhang for outdoor speakers - facing due north, they never get wet.  They sound awesome; better than any true weatherproof "outdoor speaker" could.  My issue is that they're made in China.  I would have paid $150 if they were U.S. made.
My family has owned these speakers for quite a while and we've fallen in love with it. The sound is amazing and we've received many comments on how spectacular the sound quality is.
I love the flip 3 and it is best by far in clearity and quality for any speaker I've bought. I also love the external radiators, they really let you see the bass and bring it up to the next level.
Am shocked that so many are having issues with zipper or phantom power on while in box. I've had mine for 8 months and used daily with no issues! Love it...
I bought this product about 3 months ago and i love it! It sounds good in every area except bass. Bass was not as good as i expected but you can turn it up a little which makes a small difference. So over all a good product!
I bought this one month ago and I'm very happy with it I was surprised at the quality of the sound and the battery life the battery life last longer than the music I was playing on my iPad Air 2
Fantastic sound, fully portable and easily chargeable. Great value for money . Shipped quickly and efficiently this is the 3rd one bought for various uses
This product is amazing with beautiful sound quality, one of the best purchases I have ever made.. I want to purchase more for sure.. THANK YOU!!!
Wanted something somewhat decent to replace the useless Bluetooth speaker I bough5 last year. This little speaker is perfect for enhancing the weaker volume of my iPad.
Just received this for Christmas from my wife. Charged it, linked it to my iPod mini and now listening to an Oscar Peterson Chistmas. Easy, quick and amazing sound!
I bought this a month ago speaker sound is awesome, I don't regret making this purchase, so if you are looking for a good home speaker look no further this is it.
I bought my Colorlink about 5 months ago - I cannot imagine being without it now. I travel a lot and the first thing I do when I get to the hotel room is unpack my Colorlink to play some of my favourite music. It is simply brilliant, fantastic sound and links to all my devices.
I owned several Bose headphones in the past. Just recently, I purchased the Freestyle earbuds to use while running. The earbuds fit like a glove and they don't come out of my ear. Outstanding product!
Had done my researched before but it pales when I actually went out and test the Flip 3; it impressed me a great deal. The best value you can get.
Great system! Hands down better then any other surround system out there. After trying one movie, that was enough for me. I may never step foot inside another movie theater again.
The sound quality is amazing and it was so easy to set up. Also, I was having issues with the included remote control. I called Tech Support. I got to talk to a live person immediately and he was extremely helpful and got me back up and running. Great company!
Just purchased these rm-10's from Polk Audio refurbished. They sound great by themselves but even unbelievable with the Polk Audio DSW Pro 500. I like listening to music and they just scream clarity.
This home theater has it all for its price, once you set it up correctly the home theater puts you in the Movie, sound is great, setup is easy, voice detail is awesome. Thank sJBL.
This is the perfect party speaker.  Because of it's durability and great sound we are   going to buy a second one. We use it poolside all the time, our music sounds awesome  and grandkids love the lights!   Fits nicely in backpack to take it everywhere with you.
This is an amazing piece of kit. The sound is out of this world & it looks great under the t.v. So easy to set up & I would recommend this to everyone. Thank you Bose
I got my 1st JBL headphone(JBL Tempo) with MIcromax A88(Canvas Music)....the sound clarity is awesome...and soothing to the ears even when I turn the volume up... I recommend this product to all music lovers...
its been about 2 weeks and so far im loving them. they are helping me sleep with all the noise around me. only thing i would recommend for next time is to make the part that touches the pillow out of a different material when i rubs on the pillow it makes an annoying noise
Been postponing buying this and I don’t know why I love it so much. The sound quality is great for the price especially since I got it on sale. I got the white and in person it’s a little more gray than I would have liked but still very nice.
I bought this to replace an older JBL Xtreme that I had for years.  I've had this speaker for about a month, and it has been great.  I am a huge fan of JBL products, owning a Crown Studio Amp and JBL Professional studio monitors, JBL ear buds.
I bought this speaker after trying many others before this. This one by far is the best! Best sound and base combo on the market as far as I am concerned.
Very good speaker. The size will surprise you with good clear quality sound. For the size, sound and price, great! Only wish it sync with other jbl speakers....
Just bought JBL Flip 4. Great Sound, Tremendous Bass !!! I am fully satisfied. Waiting for Flip 5.....
Purchased this for a trip.  Works great at normal volumes.  At low volumes it shuts off after a min or two.  Work around is to cable it and and turn off Bluetooth.
I have a few other JBL speakers and was thinking of adding another one to my collection when I saw this one on sale right before Christmas. I am glad I did. I bought a refurb one and it looks brand new. Now connect it to my other JBL and the sound is real nice.
have recently bought this ..... and am so glad. matching it with my TSI300 floorstand speaker .... it gives a perfect blend   Dialog clarity was good ...... movies and xbox sounds comes out so alive   highly recommended
Brought two, both are very good, but one keeps on cracking out and stop starting music on its own on the second use. But my friends ones are great. Very good multi-link function.
Sounds great, battery life is pretty long but it does take awhile to charge. But I would suggest this speaker if you want good sounding music
The sound is great I couldnt be more happy. Love the build quality too. But I purchased this to be portable speakers while hiking and camping with that being said where is this case?? I noticed the Flip came with a very nice neoprene form fitting case. Why no case on the Charge 2??
The best headphones. You only have to buy the jbls to get quality sound. The Bluetooth makes them easy. I love my jbls headphones! 1
Best sound love it. Really a great sound and nice looking. Just wish the case held the charger. That is not very convenient not being able to .
BIG BASS I LOVEM. In search of the perfect speakers at a good price i found these babys i highly recomend for serious sound and bass.
I have not had music in the house for 10 years. Gave up TV also. Keeping the music, forget the tv forever.
So I’ve been wanting these for awhile and was lucky enough to catch them on sale! Had a little bit of trouble with initial set up, but after figuring out how to connect them with the app they’ve been amazing! I would totally recommend these to anyone especially for gatherings/house parties!
Great quality headphones- amazing sound quality, comfortable. All the background sound is eliminated entirely. Definitely the superior brand in headphones- if you’ve been considering this product, I’m telling you, you will NOT be disappointed!
I have the 12's up front, RTi-8's in the back with a PSW505 as the sub. I am amazed how clear and dynamic my music has become.  I use lots of power which is a must for the 12's.
Was given a pair of these by my son for Christmas, and they have not been off my head since.  Love them!  Cannot move too far away from music device but other than that - the sound quality and volume setting are great.  Very comfy when walking.
Is it possible to connect sound/music from external flash drive on this unit? If so, please advise me how?
I've been so hesitant about trying another pair of wireless headphones, but this product changed me! These headphones actually stay in my ears while I'm running and the sound quality is amazing! I'm so glad I took the chance.
Speaker sounds great and the battery lasts forever! I played this speaker around 33% max volume on a weekend camping trip, and after 20 hours of play time it still showed about 80% charge
I bought them a week ago,  this far the most comfortable headphones to wear,  I even use them on bed and fall asleep without noticing them on my head.
The best in the world! I enjoyed very much the headphones and the deep bass sound and heard on;y the sound and not everything else! thank you!
I bought my wave system a month or so ago and am glad I did when I did.  The system was easy to set up and it amazes me the different places you can operate the system from (ie. Laptop, iphone, etc.)  My first Bose system and very satisfied.
Excellent sound, great speaker and features. Just one thing I thought It had but doesn't is jbl connect so I can't use the two charge 2+'s together in stereo. Otherwise I'm very happy.
Ok so I own 4 of these pulse 2 speakers. They're amazing!  Great sound and very durable.  Just one question tho.  Are they just regular connect or are they connect+?
Love my revolve. Nothing better than sitting on my balcony listening to great music.  Don't need anything else except a beer.  Thanks heaps Bose
I have gotten many different pairs of ear buds and I have to say that these are the first ones to actually stay in my ears. They take a little getting use to , but once you do they are great. Sound is wonderful also.
I purchased from Oman Extra showroom and it is best in the class and feel like I am in theater. Also in price range.
Have owned for about a month easy to use sounds great all function work no problems thanks Harmon Kardon for another great product best price on the web
Very happy but pleaaaaase make a thing that go down to 50HZ something like this, with a big woofer, nobody care about the size, we just want music everywhere, thanks for this product
This is one of the best purchase I have made in many years. I've been able to sleep through the night without being awaken by my husband's snoring. I would give five starts if the application allowed  more than 5 sounds to be down loaded.
Lasted roughly 5 years of light use, then the amp went out.  I called Customer Service and noted the reviews regarding the amp problems.  CS recommended sending in the amp to the service center.  2 weeks later and $10 for shipping to Polk Audio, the amp was repaired as a courtesy.  YEAH!
Purchased at Christmas I thought it was to expensive but my wife was insistant .It is brilliant and well worth the money.I would not buy another make the sound is brilliant.
This may be my best online purchase of the year. Smokin' product, fantastic deal on JBL website. Using it with a JBL EON 210P Portable PA System in my studio/office. Couldn't be happier.
I have had my Bose 1V music system for a few months and I love it. I have 24 SD cards full of music and talking books and would have liked an SD slot on my BOSE WAVE sound touch system but may be BOSE will consider a SLOT on their NEXT UPDATE.
Great sub, if u can try to find one on Ebay...Paired with total Polk set up, Rti series sounds amazing.
These headphones have changed everything I hear because they are so clear and I am never going to buy speakers or headphones from any other company other than Bose
Reggae never sounded so great (wicked sounds). My set up includes; CSi30 center channel with my New RTi150, for sub I have one 10" Def. Tech. I'm soon gonna replace my rear speakers. Polk of course... ;-)
I used jbl for decades and there speakers clarity and quality continues on there headphones this thing puts out clear quality sound I love it
This is the best invesment ever...ppl get in my car and are blown away...Once u hear the sr6500 and u go back to ur car and turn it up please explain to me how u survive w/o them!!
I bought this for myself as an early Christmas gift. The sound is fantastic for such a small device too. I bought the red one.
Bought this a few weeks ago, I love it!  Great sound, very loud, huge bass, battery lasts as advertised.  Kind of pricey though, so I got a refurb, which works amazingly well!
Very comfortable with a natural rich sound, probably one of the best headphones I've found for the price. 5 stars, highly recommended
Don't let my review fool you just because I left off one star. This unit is ready willing and able to go to 5.1 but until XM makes that happen then that is a part of the capability of this unit that is not being tested. Therefore, I've reserved that extra star for the future.
We use it in local radio station. It's lightweight and extremely comfortable. Headphones is used for studio guests. We have 2 of it. Sound quality is not for studio work, but still, it's ideal to listening music.
i dont have this polk momo but thinking about getting this one. i have the older one that handles 1000watts rms 500. i had problems with the older polk momo. so i am investing in this one to see how it works.
bought theses about a month ago were them at work all the time cant loose them,they fit tight in your ear can listen to music then take a phone call
The sound on this sound bar is so amazing you will think that your at the concert or that you maybe in the movie! I have never heard anything like it! It is well worth the money.
Love everything about this headset! I do wish music could be blue toothed, but that's a small issue. I don't understand the problem mentioned before with the hot mike? I flew on the Air Bus 330 with hot mike and never had an issue.
I bought this for my son's birthday. Excellent sound for size and price. Easy to use. Would recommend
Bought straight from JBL, free shipping! Very satisfied! Speaker looks and sounds great and is of very high quality.
This speaker is so great my friend and I use to share I I like that nice deep bass but one problem I it sometimes struggles with massive bass at several occasional but besides that it sounds real great
I bought this a year ago and still works amazing it is very loud. It's Bluetooth accessible and it's very durable I have dropped it a lot and it's never broke
I like just about everything about these earbuds. I like the clean sound and solid bass.  Bonus, it doesn't block out all ambient sounds. So, I feel safer when wearing them running outside. The lighted neckband is cool addition. The one negative is that the neckband tends to spin around.
I bought this a month ago and it has very strong bass. I consider them noise cancellation headphones cause I can’t hear people with them
I lost my earbuds and needed a replacement for my ear phones. The fir perfect and I love the color. Thanks JBL
I have them for almost 3 months now and they have worked great. They are comfortable, never fall out, and sound good.
I own many Bose Products and have been happy with them all. The only issue I have with the Solo unit is that the Universal Remote does not work that well with my remote Direct TV receiver.
I bought these headphones a week ago I love them bass is great sound is clear best headphones I bought so far
Bought this for my shop, works like a champ. Great full sound, connects easily to my phone. No connectivity issues.
I bought the entire setup with the Bass Module and the Rear Speakers. Absolutely incredible. Crystal clear sound, deep bass and very versatile. Relatively easy to setup and looks great as well.
The sound is rich with the bass working out great. The battery lasts and it doesn't take too much time to charge. I do not think you can get something better right now with that money. Generally, very satisfied.
I got these for Christmas and I love the noise cancelling because I hate listening to my brother complain al the time.
Best for vocal song and party song. Work well with gaming and movie as well.  Just the treble performance a little bit weaker, but this doesn't affect must.
Superb headphones, really cant recommend them enough. They are expensive but well worth it. Moved up from the SIE2i Sport and have not looked back.
Just picked these up today and my first impression is.... Wow, noise quality is excellent. They are comfortable enough, especially if you're over getting leads snagged on things like I am. Excellent product, despite the price
Great sound.  Couldn't ask for a better centre speaker.  I will be getting the M50s next to go with it.
I can't believe how good such a compact bar can sound! This is great when you're tight on space. Perfect addition to my system!
I used to have a pair of beats and when I changed over to a pair of Bose QuietComfort 35 I realized how bad the beats were! These headphones have changes my life to better by helping me silence off my problems by just putting the CQ 35"s on.
I bought the Lifestyle 650 system about six weeks ago and added a second Acoustimass 300 subwoofer. The system had a highly automated set-up that made it a breeze to bring it to operation and without a hitch! The sound quality from such a slimline and elegant system is phenomenal!
The sound is great and have quality, very good materials. I have the Xtreme 1 and now the Xtreme 2, the old one is louder than the new one!! This is a fail, the new one should be louder. Im very disappointed about this, I prefer to use the old one, please do something to correct this.
Best sounding speaker on the market. I wish it had more bells and whistles but at $50 off I couldn't resist being a Pats fan in Virginia. Now I have a portable speaker that can fill a stadium during practice with the kids.
Good sound for low price. if there is a noise cancellation it will be good.   Size looks big. if we have given USB to 2.5 mm for both listening songs and charging from laptop then it's awesome. totally good.
The best noise cancelling headphone that I owned so far; I also bought the wall adapter to avoid use all the time the laptop to recharge the headphones and this accessory works very good.
I just purchased  this Bose Solo 5 for the bedroom and its perfect, size and sound quality as usual has been enhanced tremendously. Just right ......
I love the nice rich sound. It keeps its charge for a long time. I brought one for my wife and best friend also.
Bought them for a trip 2 years ago. Only just now having any problems and it's just I'm hard on my stuff also i've worn them almost everyday for like 6 hrs each day. The ear cushions need replaced  and the switch failed.
I fly for a living. I wouldn't use any other headset. And Bose Aviation customer service and support is best of the best. For something that is used so much, this headset is a worthwhile investment.
Xmas gift for my 10 year old grandson. He loves that they won't fall out of his ear while playing. He loves the magnets in the earpieces that makes them tangle resistant. He says the sound is great. Likes the case too.
I use it everyday when I work out. These headphones are super and I use them while I watch ESPN during my workout.
Will make a great Xmass gift for my 12 year old boy to connect to his laptop, cell. Sure it will be the talk of the town for him. Can't wait until he hears it.
the best ultra portable BT speakers i have. At this price range, no other speaker brands can match. Great value as budget speaker. In fact, this MW model sounds better than JBL Clip.
I use the duet when I'm relaxing. The sound is breath taking! The clarity is stunning. The mix of high and low are well balanced. The phones are as comfortable as my favorite pillow.Great value!
I have several pairs of bose head phones and these in ear noise cancelling are the best, great for travel, gym and in the office
This product is excellent. The sound quality is very similar to the over the ear, noise canceling headphone.
I bought these for my kids for stocking stuffers and they really liked them ... caught them on a great sale and got myself a pair and really like them ... great sound, comfortable and definitely worth the price I paid
This speaker is amazing.   Next to the 901's, this is the best speaker that I have listened to from Bose.  It can produce heavy bass and percussion sounds.   Techno sounds great  on this speaker.  It is way stronger than any other wireless speaker that I have heard..
I was experimenting for a while with several subwoofers (other brands & costing much more) for my 7.1 Polk RM6700 based system. Finally bit the bullet and went with the PSW303. Am very pleased with the results! It sounds great and sounds very nice as well! I am now a confirmed Polk Audio fan!
First set of heads phones that fit and not too big, and they  are so comfortable. Forgot how much I love to sit and just listen to music, worth the price!
Amazing product....... looks and sounds great. best way to get sound without all the wires for a 5.1 system.
It has great bass and is very loud. I love all the different features that it has (e.g. charges mobile device, social mode, etc.). Overall great portable speaker, a little pricy, but it's worth it.
Love this case. Took a week after I purchased to discover the inside mesh pocket which makes it even more easier to keep them from getting tangled. The case is made with durability and quality in mind.
The speaker is very good BUT that hissing noise in low volume level made me very upset. It can really be heard while listening calm music in low level... I know that most of customers have this issue so please try to fix it... If you fix it I rate the product as perfect!!!  Thank you)
This is my third Bose sound system I have purchased, I love all three of them. Unbelievable sound! I'm glad I bought the 30 because it has the sub woofer. It works perfectly, I wouldn't expect anything less from Bose
Saw this on sale for $19.95 in a daily deals email. Big sound bass. Weak on highs. Effortless connection. For $19.95 including shipping a steal.
I enjoy great bass and this 10-inch sub delivers.  Wish it had a EQ but the preset settings work well enough.
I wanted a pair of earphones that wouldn't fall out when I was jogging - these were perfect. I love the colours, I love the sound quality, but most importantly, I love that they stay in my ears. Would definitely recommend these - I use them as my daily pair of earphones now.
I bought refurb direct from JBL for a great price. They work well enough and easy to pair. They are a bit awkward in appearance and it took a few times to find the right combination of ear cushions. They sound very good but bass response is not very good. They are fairly comfortable.
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present.  We were able to pair it via Bluetooth to her iPhone.  We played songs from Pandora and YouTube for our kids and everyone loved the sound.
Bought the XSTREAM 2 months ago and absolutely love them, I can't seem to connect chromecast, but everything else is working great! I have them set up next to my bed, and
You know what you know I heard the bose wave many moons ago I was stationed in florida then California let me just say to all non believers about bose systems its music to your ears revile is at 0400 thanks bose cpo1 navy
I bought the Jbl charge several years ago but wanted a speaker for canoe trips !  Presto! - I can't wait for summer time!  This thing rocks!
These are by far the best headphones I have ever experienced. Unbeaten sound quality, noise cancellation, and battery life. I would recommend these highly.
I have tried many ear buds in the past five years and none compare. They are worth the price! Buy them. You will not be sorry!
Happy with purchase. Wish there were more (different) sounds available... like distant thunderstorm or midnight at the swamp or windchimes. Currently all sounds are very similar.
The charging cradle compliments the Revolve speaker. Definitely a must buy if you are worried about keeping the speaker juiced up!
I was a little on the fence about spending this amount of money on a radio but went ahead and purchased it... Now that I have heard this little machine I was blown away and realized that it is well worth every penny Bose has it priced at... Would recommend to anyone...
Great pedal for bluesy rock and melodies. Turn up the dials and unload hard rock. Great mix of tones and distortion. Very impressed.
This surround speaker is a Rockstar. Sounds great and fills up the rear surround perfectly. they are big but the sound makes up for it. Worth every penny!
i just bought bose soundtouch535 surround sound system . is it compatible with LG OLED TV ? just want know if its not then i'll return it .
I'be used BOSE products for a good few years now and this was the main driver to go down the BOSE route for this bluetooth speaker. The sound quality, build quality and service is second to none.To be fair its a no-brainer really, if you want the best bluetooth speaker available, look no further.
Best speaker in price range, hoping Jbl ups the battery life on generations to come but still a solid portable speaker, have been pleased with Jbl products in past, never disappointed
How people can say this system is lacking bass is beyond me. I have to have mine set bellow half way so I don't upset the neighbours (even on low volume) it's that punchy. It produces booming sound that is crystal clear, whether it's music or film.I cannot recommend this system enough.
I use the ergosport band to run and it is amazing. It is sweat resistant, light weight and easy to access if I need quick access to my device!
The Jbl speaker is fantastic. However the Jbl connect app not so hot. Would be great to connect more than two at once.
By reading all reviews,i brought BSM2 as my birthday gift...believe it it's awesome..i love it...it sounds great.i love Bose...
I got it $19.99 during promotion. You can't beat the price for the quality of the speaker. It is really portable. You can put in the pocket. I didn't get chance to test extensively, but sounds good for the price. Definitely recommended if you get for $19.99. I am not sure it is worth spending $40.
I've had the Camden Square for about a year now and I've been super happy with it. It has awesome sound quality and it looks great in my living room. And with up to 24 hr battery life, it's been to it's share of beach days and BBQs.
 There is one disappointment I have when I buy three had all the headphones are usually get and additional cable longer to work in the studio with quarter inch jack that's very disappointing these headphones sound amazing so I would love to try to use them in the studio as well.
Upgraded both of my Charge 3 to Connect+.  They connected seamlessly with the Boombox.  Party mode only.  Amazing outdoor sound.
I bought my subwoofer 10/4/14. I can't stop playing it. The bass is deep, yet clear and can go really loud (all while remaining clear of distortion).
My JBL Xtreme bumps great quality sound trough my 12 hour shift. I've taken it to the beach, and it creates an amazing atmosphere. I love it.
I have been using my headphones for about 6 months now and think that they are amazing but I was using them with the aux cable and no sound was coming out on the left side speaker, I then charged them to use it wirelessly and there is still no sound in the left speaker how do I fix this problem.
You will never regret when you hear the sound that come out this unit. I am impress never heard something like this sound so alive.
Best value outdoor speaker for the money without exception!  I have not been able to experience the bigger Polk outdoor speakers but I dont think they could be much better than these.
I love these earbuds! I've had them for several years now (just had to buy a replacement set of enhancers) and they're the only pair that will stay in my ears while running. Love love love them!
Honestly, I was not expecting to be this pleased with the QuietControl.  Only because of the size and weight. But these are amazing.  Quality is on par with all Bose products.
Having a 20 year old set of Infinity speakers, I wanted to upgrade. The R263 is the ticket. The sound is great and they are a nice looking set.
Just bought these and I love them. They are so comfortable and have great sound. A wonderful price also.
Great quality. Amazing product and service. My boyfriend loved it and he is picky over his speakers xD
Bought these as replacements months since I lost one on my headphones. They went on easy and haven't come off since. I use my headphones primarily for the gym and have had no issues with them. Great product!
Amazing sound- as expected. What I didn't like at first, their design, has come to be my favorite part about them. They stick out of your ear pretty far and I thought it looked rediculous at first, but tons of people have asked me about them and say they look really cool.
I’ve had these for about a year now and I’d just say I can’t wait for the next ones because they are amassing the sound is way better than apple and beats and they have longer battery and have never broke or had a issue I could fix myself
I wanted better sound in my family room with my new 65 inch TV and my Bose Soundbar 300  and Subwoofer.  I am completely satisfied and the sound even come a little close to my Lifestyles system in my basement theater.  Buy these 2 speakers and live happily ever after.
to connect two speakers connect normally via bluetooth to both once connected hold both speakers bluetooth button for 10seconds or click twice on both speakers quickly its one of them but mine connect.! love jbl!!
Just upgraded my Subaru speakers. Nice, but i over estimated the bass, but still an upgrade from my stocks.
Great sound quality. Lightweight and very comfortable. However, the touch controls are a little bit off. Extremely difficult to raise and lower the volume. Which makes it easy to pause the music. I wish these would have an actual volume button. Other than that, these are great headphones.
You need to both hear & see to believe what this tiny wonder is capable of producing. I bought it based on reading reviews and was convinced about my decision to purchase. Turned out to be better than expected. Just go for it!
Had one of these in the back of my explorer for about 3 years. Better than the old JL's I had in there. And I'm sure not many better subs out there. Thoroughly satisfied. I got mine with Polk's custom sealed enclosure from Circuit City. Nice deal.
I bought each of my kids one for the shower! I was tired of them hauling around their speakers with cords. This is convenient, you can charge ahead of time. It connects easily to Bluetooth. More importantly it’s water proof. So it can sit on ledge in shower, you can control songs.
I Bought Bose Soundlink Speaker 5 Weeks ago.I was so Amazed about the Sounds.Took me 9 Months to save money to buy it.Unfortunately it was Stolen in my appartment 3 Weeks ago.Unless a Miracle Happen I will buy another one in April next Year!
This is the best set of 6.5" components that I have ever heard. I have these running on a Polk 500.4 amp. This setup is truely amazing.
I BOUGHT ONE FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR XMAS. SHE LOVES IT. I HAVE BEEN BORROWING IT FROM HER. SO I HAD TO GET ONE FOR MYSELF. I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF JBL SINCE THE '70s. EXCELLENT SOUND, QUALITY, & GREAT FEATURES. IT"S A MUST HAVE.
i have this in S10 truck and it packs a punch, it has some of the best sound quality i have ever heard. i loved it so much i decide to get a second one also.
I have been wanting to try a bose home theater system for a very long time now, finally got my hands on a Cinamate 15 and im blown away. So much power and crisp sound. Not to mention there is way less clutter now with my entertainment center.. Bose has a new loyal Customer in me.
By far the best headphones I have ever owned.  They are made of good quality material. Great sound with amazing noise cancelling, best available. Don't waste your money and time looking at other headphones. Bose has done it right and has made the best noise cancelling headphones out.
I got this as an unexpected birthday gift. It has a surprisingly good sound (for volume and richness) for such a small package. Battery life is also quite good. Looking forward to bringing it on my holidays.
these speakers are great picked up the pair for 50 dollars each at futureshop on clearence sound is wicked
This sub is ok. I have it running off a Alpine mrp-m450 mono block amp.. it's supposed to take 400 rms.. but it doesn't like to.. when im bumpin good it starts to fry. so i turn it down and let it cool off. other than that it is loud ass hell in my 91 DA hatch.
I'm an old school rock and roll guy. In my day you had to spend $600 plus to get this sound. Everything from the Beatles to the Foo Fighters rocks on this little speaker. Amazing!
Bought these to test, with 95% confidence that i would return during the 30 day trial period.  WRONG.  These things are amazing.  I have used them in the office, but also at the kids crazy indoor gym ... they work in noisiest, most chaotic environments.  Very pleased and happy to have them ...
Good sound and the noise cancelling feature is very effective. My only complaint is that there is some sound leakage so people can hear the tinny sound of music being played - have to turn the volume down in order not to offend.
The QC25 are a great product. The sound is so clear and crisp while still significantly reducing sound on the plane. The price is a bit higher than I would have liked to pay but I enjoy listening to them very much.
The Polk LSi Series are the best speakers that I have found for anywhere near the price.  I powered mine with a Parasound Halo A52 and the results are amazing.
I have the headphones for a couple of weeks now and I'm quite pleased with the design and sound, however they really aren't noise cancelling so depending how high you turn the volume people near you will be able to hear it. The controls on the headphones are really useful.
No longer are we wearing out the TV's remote. No longer do we struggle to hear the actors mutterings. From the minute we switched the Solo on our viewing experience has changed. TV's remote is now only used for turning it off or on. Brilliant.
I love the bass sound that Bose speakers have. The bass is great and amazing. It makes my soundbar amazing. I will be buying more Bose products in the near future. Amazing!
This device is excellent! I bought it because I don't have a lot of space and the sound is amazing, deep bass, clear voice is just great. Connected it to my wifi at home and in 2 seconds it was connected to my spotify account and streaming my music. Very satisfied.
Great product for the price, found this on sale at Wal-Mart & very glad I bought it!  Much better sound than my flat screen, all so surprisingly nice low frequency effect considering no external subwoofer.  Not as obnoxious as a 5.1 system, not as flat as tv audio.  Just right!
Bought this today and am enjoying the sound quality. Bass, TReble and mid range sound well balanced. Fills a room (and then some) very nicely. Easy to pair with my Android tablet. Only negative I notice is the charger- doesn't fit in the carry case and it is not USB.
Unbelieveable!!! the best 12er ive ever had and ive been through a lot cus i like 'em loud!!! have a (meaning solo) 12 DVC in a ported box in the back of my prelude w a 1200 mono running half power to it and it dropped my rear-view the first day! Big power for small space and even smaller price!!
I liked mine so well, I bought one for a friend. And the remote is the best Universal remote I have seen. Perfect. Enough said!
These are excellent speakers.  Sturdiness and stabilty are of the highest standard.  Excellent build and power.  The rear mounted amp along with the sub explodes with boom, more than is really nessecary.
Having mine charge 3 for about half a year, absolutely rocking it everyday! Amazing sound quality and build quality
Received this as a birthday gift - not only do the slightly reduce noise cancellation (loud coffee shop, airplane) but the sound quality is amazing. And I love that they are wireless! Thank you Bose for designing a great sound product, and they are comfortable and lightweight.
UlTimate punch n vibrent bass neva before heared evn the box of woofer is much better not makn body vibretion superb sound n great satisfaction ..-cool product i have swift car and happy wth this encloser
Wonderful.  Thats about it.  I rated this set a 5 star simply because they sound great.  I have an a/d/s 35wX4 running these and I wouldnt recommend anything else.  Best car audio component set Ive had and even heard.
These speakers are great!  I liked them so much- I bought another set. They look nice too......I used these in my car for awhile- (used a dc converter to plug them in and then plugged in my mp3 player--my stereo had died)  and they cranked out pretty good.
Setting the tuner up was a snap, and took about 10 minutes.  Instructions were easy to read and follow.
I bought this a couple of days ago and I am loving it. The noise cancellation is as always amazing and the design really takes a 5 stars rating. So comfortable even after using them for a couple hours.
Ive had everything from infinity to bose..this polk psww125 is without a doubt the best sub for the money it gets u sick lows that are clean..and i mostly listen to rap and it can handle most songs.
The earphone has the most comfortable earbuds. Quality is great and the mic is very good and helpful. You should absolutely buy these earphones
Bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. Great sound for a little speaker. Definitely recommend for small room or on your personal.
This is a wonderful system for the money. It is small and compact in size, but big in sound quality and features.
I debated for two months between a well known brand and these. I wanted something small, comfortable and unique. These are exactly what I was hoping they would be. I'm very happy with my purchase and who wouldn't want Q. Jones to let them know of they were connected?!
I received a pair of the new QC 35 wireless headphones to test and review and they are amazing! I own the QC25's and i was absolutely blown away by this new series! Great job Bose@
Sound quality is amazing. no cords and they fit in your ear perfect. They are truly worth getting . SoundSport Free wireless headphones receives a 5 star rating . Don't just take my word for it buy and see for yourself .
Bought 4 for my friends for Christmas and they lv it. U can't go wrong with the deep bass this little clip can produce. OMG its rocks. I have a flip and that thing last for 8hrs and u can be 50 feet away and still plays without breaking up .
These are some of the best sounding speakers for the price. I'm actually pretty impressed with the amount of bass they produce using just 6 1/2" woofers. They have a very crisp clear sound across the entire sound spectrum.
i just bought these for $80 and they are worth every penny, sound quality is great for 80 bucks and you can easily take it with you almost everywhere 10/10
Hi, i have a problem... when i charging my jbl go, the light that indicate the charge is not blinking, is that normal?? help me please
Love the size, sound quality, and rugged rubbery casing. I have many Bose products & have yet to be disappointed. Definitely recommend buying especially for the outdoor water proof capability & portability.
Got these for Christmas and just love them. I am really a light sleeper and these block out all the noises that keep me awake or wake me up once I am asleep. Now I can’t imagine not using them at night, or for naps during the day.
i bought these for my daughter for christmas. she loved the color! the sound is awesome and they are very comfortable. good purchase
Great product, rich sound and comfortable to wear! A little on the expensive side but I always say you get what you pay for! My 3rd piece of Bose sound products, I'm still amazed at the quality and technology that they continue to bring to market!
Got these because I only buy Bose products for the unbeatable sound quality but being skeptical as they NEVER stay in my ears but these are fantastic and the sound quality is typical Bose. Amazing ear buds.  Well worth it. No cords no hassle just awesome.
Absolutely love my Bose System. Watching films and listening to music has enhanced my viewing and listening pleasure. Cinema experience in my own living room. The bass is superb. Well done Bose.
Everything about this little speaker is huge! From the battery life to the explosive volume.  Even the Bluetooth connectability was far superior to my old JBL speaker. If you need a durable speaker to bring around hiking with you for a 14 hour day. Say no more, this speaker is all you need.
Very durable, good material quality and good sounding bass. One problem  Tho: After aprox. 2 hours of playing, these earphones became uncomfortable.
This is a wonderful radio. Good sound, good looking and stations from all parts of the world. Whodathunkit.
I have a soundbar and bose soundsports, Bose is purely amazing. I love every product I have ever bought from them, thank you for amazing products.
I am always happy with my jbl products although there was a hiccup with shipping this time but overall still a great purchase
I am really happy with this product. You really do get a lot for the price. The only problem I have with this product is that you can´t move that much, if you don´t want to lose them ;)
We have a Yamaha RX-V373 5.1 surround sound system and just replaced the NS-SW40 subwoofer with a PSW10. I should have bought a PSW10 long ago because it transformed our sound system. I highly recommend buying the PSW10.
Exceptional precision. OK, maybe the Velodyne did sound somewhat (and that is somewhat) better in the shop, but 3 times the price! Way, way better than either of my 2 previous subs...
I bought these about a month ago. My hearing is declining as I age. I'm on the road a lot, which includes very loud parties. I can once again hear the females in my life, hear what's really said on TV, and communicate at loud parties. Highly recommended!
It is exactly what I expected.One thing I need to fine out is if the System III can be connected to Wireless Bose Speakers that I can sit on the patio, just outside the room I have it in and if so which ones?But no complaints, my music sounds great.
Just hooked up two speakers one at each end of the room and they sound great.  You could use one they sound so good.   I am terrible with computers stuff but was able to use the app pretty good.  Hooking up the first speaker was easy, but adding the 2nd speaker was a bit confusing but I got it done.
Love these headphones as they fit well, great audio quality, easy to pair and most importantly for me, wireless! No more messing about with cables and strategic placement of phone. They are well built quality at very reasonable price. Highly recommended.
I've always been a brand loyal person, and JBl has always been the go to brand when it comes to audio. These are a good example of the quality products they produce. Comfortable, light, and great noise ratio.
after purchasing these for my laptop they are that good I use them as my main hifi speakers the mid range and depth from these is truly amazing the rich sound cleverly balanced bass there all you need well done bose
bought alongside smartphone, to pop some background music while with friends, getting ridiculous battery life and great sound quality, I often use it as speakers for my laptop this has wider range of low and high sounds. It says 5 hours but I get much more
Awesome speakers, I have three but it’s misleading when it says you can connect multiple speakers. In reality, you may only connect two, NOT multiple.
I bought this clip speaker along others.  The quality of this item is great, it just need a better or modify the bass feature since is kind of weak.
Can't wait for the "noise cancelling" version.........otherwise, enjoying the experience and freedom...
Grabbed these to have a slightly better pair of in-ears when practicing. I play bass and cello, and love the deep bass I get from these.
I bought these a while ago since my old ones lost their cushion. I wear these to sleep and after two years of sleeping on them they understandably lost their cushion.
I have been a Bose L1 user since the day they came out.  Loved what they do.  This S1 hits the mark on sound quality and versatility.  Bluetooth and its flexible positioning are hits.  Missing are 48v phantom power and a DI out.  If I keep this, I have to get a new mic.
The in ear pieces could be a little smaller for my ears and a little more comfortable but all in all they're a great buy.
For the money and the size they are hard to beat.  I upgraded the center channel and used the one that came in the set to change my system to a 6.1...works great!
Love this small but perfectly formed piece of kit. Summer evenings listening to music in the garden have been so enhanced by the quality if the sound. Thank you.
I got these for christmas and use them fairly often. They stay in my ears really well and cancel out a lot of noise as well! My step dad has a pair too that he wears to bed and sleeps with them on really good.
I bought it one week ago from Conrad in Germany and till now I'm very satisfied with its performance. Great, warm sound for it's size and robust build quality. The battery could have been a bit better but I don't really mind since I always use the power cord. Definitely recommended!
They're really crisp sounding. They'll take loud volume without breaking up. The base response isn't that great but is what you'd expect for more expensive ear buds. They don't fall out of your ears and I really like being able to change tracks on the Iphone. I highly recommend them.
I bought three for three young adults. They love this gift. The sou d is amazing! They are using g it all the time.
I was at first impressed but recently they seem to have developed a fault. When the background noise is loud the earphone goes into enormous distorted overload. This results in me dragging the buds from my ears as the noise is so loud.. Any suggestions ?
I am not one to write lots of reviews, but if you're thinking of buying this BOSE soundtouch 30 - I highly recommend
I have these under the rear seat in my pontoon boat. they have neen installed for years and hey work and sound great. This is a damp area to have speakers.
I bought this two weeks ago and can say Bose as done it again with an excellent piece of kit would recommend the solo 15.The remote control is excellent aswell as it controls my sky,dvd player and tv so it's nice just to have one remote instead of three.
Love my Bluetooth earbuds, stays put while exercising, clear sound while talking on the phone and all around great - just like all my jbl products!
I got this sub for $450CDN funds, A-1 bang for the buck. Very powerful without overkill. Good sounding speaker. Woudln't trade it for nothing. Nice job Polk.
I Play Open Tunings Only & It's Quite Tricky At 1st To Dial In Some Good Metal BUT , Once You Understand The E.Q. On It & Krank The Distortion Waaaay Up , This Pedal Comes Alive.
Switched out my good old E90s for these and couldn't be happier. They fit like a glove in my 9 channel home theater. Outstanding sound and great price!
First day I had my soundsport earbuds and the clip is gone. Go to purchase New ones and they don't even sell yellow. What's up with this from a top notch company. Need some help please.
The sound of the JBL tune 500BT is very nice. The only point is that it is very tight at your head. When I have the JBL tune 500BT on my head, I can't where is long because my ears are going to hurt.
Was on vacation with a cheap little store-brand speaker and thought: "It's about time  to upgrade." The JBL Charge 3 was highly rated, and it delivers. Great sound, looks good, very happy. Some people get two - apparently you can phase them - and I bet that sounds amazing.
I brought this one after my jbl other version broke. This has a great knock. I don’t leave home without it.
Were ordered as Christmas presents. They arrived in time and the girls like them except they get a bit sweaty when worn to work out.
Have been replacing older mics with this one and the results are superior. The low cut off filter does get rid of some room rumble, turn them on if you have that issue. Some are used on bases and have equally good results. Very happy with audio quality and ease of use.
My only complaint is they dont like the cold weather. I walk to work daily and if its -5c or colder these will turn themselves off around 20 minutes in.
Excellent headphones! The quiet underdog in the Bose stable! Not much press info or tech reviews on these but please do not let this put you off; superbly comfortable and great sound!!!
Wow ,, . The sound quality is AMAZING  Somehow you can feel the music like your sitting in a concert hall,, packed with features, the Bluetooth works great and the shipping was fast   If your in the market for headphones and sound quality matters to you these are a GREAT option
Got for Christmas 2014. Great quality ,easy set up, and I can wear them on all 3 levels of my home crystal clear anywhere ....love them. Bose as always great quality have 801 towers speakers still nothing better than Bose
I've had these for about 2 months and they're are still as powerful as when I first tried them on. JBL definitely holds up to its reputation.
The easiest by any means for the sound that’s not expected . Love this system, and I will tell you this so will U.
A friend of mine has owned a pulse for awhile and I loved his. I bought one about a month ago and love it! Great sound quality and gets really loud. Also, love the colors!!
i had a local shop install this in my 1996 Tahoe and it sounds great . i am 100% surprised at the amount of bass this puts out for a small package
Only had it a week , really impressed , tough durable and easy to use , decent battery ... I probably wouldn't opt for camo again though as I keep putting it down and loosing it.
for its size, able to accomplish the basic sound playing with ummpphh.. love the bass and the highs it produces. the setup was easy almost immediately once connected via Bluetooth.
Bought this a few weeks ago to replace our old hifi system, brilliant sound so easy to use best system around after doing lots of research on line.  would highly recommend.
They sound great but the fact they are just black, or white / cream means they don't stand out and for the price I paid it is to show them off, real shame. Dre Beats are very distinguishable, these don't stand out.
I chose the JBL Go by its convenient size and good sound.  Also the price offered in the store was the best online.
i put 2 of these gxr's in my 03 cavalier and peeple hear me from long distances and most of em dont believe that i got them for only 100. They hit harder and are just as clear as my 2 audiobahn 15's.  polk really knows how 2 price and make speakers thanks polk.
Had Bose forever superb product easy to set up bought one in November 17 full price got second one today with discount could not resist The sound and ease of operating second to none customer service just like the product
I bought the Boost tv about a month ago. The tv has amazing features and is the best televison I own! Excellent quality!
I’m from Brazil and so sad I cannot buy more of those. Best earphones ever. Super practic, best sound and perfect for any activity. Love it!
These head phones are great. The sound is amazing. When i put them onn for the first time, i. Was amazed at how well the sound was and the noise cancelling. They are durable too! I bought them for my 10 year old boy, who is rough...and they are hanging in there with him.
I've had these speakers just over a week. Replaced a pair of R50's which I thought were outstanding.  These are awesome, great separation, good highs and lows. Some of the other reviewers complained about the bass. I thought it is very adequate with or without a sw. Very satisfied.
I was determined to buy a headset from Beats but after several reviews of Apple Store employees,they convinced me and I ended up buying this headset,and I was not disappointed,bose did a good job
The SB100 adds great sound to your TV. You can hear lower and fuller sounds that you did not hear with the TV alone.
It is very secure even when you are on the go,  Great sound feels like your listening to a big acoustic surround speakers
This little speaker gets me to sleep at night! My daughter and I fight over it. Looks like Christmas is coming. It Valium in a box, nighty night
I absolutely love these speakers. Very clear and accurate, bass hits the lows very well, Could probably go without a subwoofer.
I have a an Onkyo TX SR605 receiver (7.1, 630 watts, Dolby HD, HDMI READY); ALL POLK AUDIO SPEAKERS AS FOLLOWS: 2 Polk Audio R50 (FRONTS), 4 R15 (SURROUNDS), 1 CSi30 (CENTER) AND A PSW111 (SUB WOOFER). Pretty decent sound system.
I truly love my Bose product. I received my SoundLink for Christmas and have not stopped using it yet. I take my Bose literally everywhere I go. I have even gone as far as purchasing one to raffle off so we can help raise money towards our booster club.
i thought my QC 15's were awesome, these little guys do the same thing, but in a much smaller package, I highly reccomend them
Bought for my son who is Autistic & he loves them!  They fit over his whole ear & have great sound.  He is a bit rough with them (this is our 2 pair of these) and the first lasted the longest out of many Bluetooth headphones (Bose, Beats, Panasonic).  Would buy again
good sound quality and robust design, fits very well and stay in place during exercise would prefer non-taggle cable
Bought 3 pair for Christmas and my kids and husband love them.  They are good quality. And they  look sleek and expensive.
I got this on Black Friday for $120. Well worth it. Could use a little brighter treble but the light show makes up for it.
I have flown with the Bose X for many years in all types of aircraft and the only one that it did perk in was a SNJ. I have now stepped to the A20 after many years of wanting to. The Bluetooth makes it a throw down hand.
I've had this speaker for years and it rocks. It's water resistant so I take it outdoors and it's quite loud. 10/10 would buy again.
I fly multiple aircraft, ranging from single piston to twin jet prop. All are relatively noisy ships. There are some other leading brand and comparable headsets in some of our aircraft. However, the Bose A20 is our preferred. More quiet and comfort.
I just received mine yesterday, directions on linking the subwoofer were not correct, had to go to youtube for instuctions, but after that I was very pleased the product, the remote works with my tv and cable remotes
Its perfect! In terms of base quality its 100% one thing i dont like is the hook located at top of the device hahaha
I bought these about 3 months ago and I am absolutely pleased! My father made a device like this years ago to help him sleep during the day. Although primitive (made just a hissing noise) compared to these buds, it is a great help to escape to sound sleep.
I bought these comparing them to my Yamaha bookshelves- boy was i in for a treat. Very good sound and great for music. Matched this with a pair of the Polk 10" Tsi subs and I am very pleased.
Sound is awesome but iPhone does not fit lightning connection dock until cover is removed creating an inconvenience.
They say "Room filling sound" but it literally is ROOM FILLING SOUND! Just a kick butt speaker all around. Love it!
I brought this for myself for Christmas after my boss and co-worker had one. I absolutely love everything about this JBL Flip 3 such as portability, quality sound and the price.
I  had a yamaha center ,thought it was ok till I plugged the cs1 in.Man what a difference ,the sound from it was fuller and more vibrant,now my set up consista of monitor 60,s up front with cs1 and in the rear ,a pair of r-30,s and the rear surrounds are polk R-15's.
Haven't had a whole lot of chances to use this yet, but it sounds great so far. I thought it would be louder than it is. I can live with it though. I'd like to find a bracket to mount it on my bike.
This is the first time I have tried Polk for a system, and I wish I hadn't wasted time with those infinity ones. These comps sound awesome, but you DEFINITELY have to feed them. The only thing I had to really tweak was the tweeter at higher volumes. Not a big problem with my head unit.
I work for a local retailer of home audio products a nwe recently got the rti 6 bookshelfs in ...an i must say im so very impressed all the little imperfections of the previous series speakers where defintly fixed in this series...
Amazing sound, amazing battery. All in all a super product. I have not tried to pair it with my other 2 JBL speakers, but I am sure it will work. It seems very well made. It's really too soon to tell anything else, but trust me, the sound is amazing!
I am surprised at the bad reviews. I have had no problems and it sounds  amazing . I have the Bass 700 and the rear speakers. Bose store personnel are always helpful
+detailed and clear sound-->excellent +high volumes without screams and cracks +very good price/performance  -headband is creaking a little
Bought for my flight last month. Cancels out so much background noise. Excellent it's like your in your own world.
This thing has a huge battery. Something like 7000mah. The speaker has great bass and low end as well as mid range. It could use a little more in the high end, but hey, it charges your phone rapidly too! For the money, this is an awesome speaker.
This speaker is great, a lot more sound that you might expect from such a small device.  Was surprised to see that the sound clarity wasn't effected when it got wet.  Took it to the pool and sat out in the sun with no problems.
Very nice sound for the size and price. Some midrange presence and a bit short on the highs and of course the bass given the size, but especially at the refurbished price, a great choice. Good volume too without distorting.
It´s impressive to see the new design for these in-ear headphones ant the same as with the sound. Thanks Bose!!
It is almost a year that I have using these headphone on and off and no problem what so ever, very comfortable and easy to operate. Even sometime headphone seating for weeks without use and battery hold charges to 100%.
Using it for more than a month now, Have tried others like HK Esquire & JBL charge 2, etc, some of them are loud but really none of them gives a real stereo separation with deep bass & at any level of sound volume, if you look for best quality of sound then that's the best choice.
I bought this on December 26/2018 and Two days after I bought a second one.... Awesome Sound and Much Better when you pair both of them...!
Just received this yesterday. Easy setup. Cables provided completely compatible with SINY 7 channel receiver.
It took me all of 5 minutes to connect my Samsung and sky box to remote and the sound is simply the best
I love these do far, but I don't see any Halo or Forza setting people are speaking of. What is this?
Purchased two of these for family members.  They sound great.  They charge quickly and are extremely easy to set up.
This speaker I have in my bedroom and fills the room ( 20x18' ) with high quality sound'. Works very well with my other Bose equipment to give great sound through the house. The app works well with the speaker.
These headphones have the excellent sound quality I have become used to from BOSE products. They stay in the ears through rigorous exercise like tennis and running. I wouldn't trade them for any other. Keep making great products BOSE.
I'm using this amp driven by a JBL MS-8. The amp is a good step up from your typical 20W/channel systems. Very noticeable gain difference in that it plays loud and clean w/little distortion. Using 2 of 4 channels bridged for a passive sub and that works well too. Recommended.
I bought this about 3 months ago and I love it. Its not big on base but it has a smooth and balanced sound. Blue tooth is excellent and the center speakers sound good without the sub unit.
It is really very nice,lighter weight than beats,the only headphone with such quality that can connect to two devices. The only thing i hate is inability to change musc tracks from the headphones.
I recently purchased these speakers brand new for $38.00 each on clearance and I am very pleased with the sound of these speakers I also listen to the R15s and I wonder why they were made,they sound the same as the R10s.Anyway I couldnt be happier.Thanks Polk!
Purchased this speaker for my desk in work.  I can listen to my own music & pandora from my phone.  Has great sound and easy to use.  I've received many compliments on the sound from this little speaker.
I had the older generation of wave for about 5 years now, sound quality is still top notch but the design seems a bit dated if not obsolete. Glad I replaced it with the latest WAVE, its much more elegant than its predecessor.
Bought it few weeks ago and I didn't pay to much and got the best sound I could possibly get for this price. "In my opinion"
Bought this for my sons 20th birthday and he hasn't stopped using it since we gave it to him.  He was keen to have a Bluetooth waterproof speaker that wouldnt easily damage and thus speaker fits the requirement perfectly.
These by far are, for the money, the best speakers out there! I owned a pair of Alpine S Type series 5 1/4 speakers that sounded very muddy compared to these. I recommend these speakers to whoever wants a great distortion free sound for that price range.
This product very good few weeks before i buy its  very good product and i am very happy ato use this.i like all jbl product
Great sound and I mean great !!! Battery life is amazing, I get about 8-10 hours playing it at it's max volume. You will not regret getting it !!!
This is a nice speaker. It was worth the sale price. The regular price is to high. If it were not for the sale, I would have not purchased the speaker. Very portable.
Compared against similar Bose and Harman Kardons...no competition.  This set had the most crisp highs and punchy lows of the group.  The recommended setup works really well.  A buddy just spent much more for a set of Boston Acoustics and frankly, I can't tell the difference at all!
I bought this product  a few weeks ago and it has never let me down. Battery life is great for a person like me who is always on the move as well as the comfort which is excellent for it being in ear headphones
I bought this 3 month ago and it has greatest quality.And silver one is better than black one.If you buy this headphone, you don't need to think about sound quality,Ease of use and comfortable.This is the best headphone in the world.
I just received my headphones today and am greatly pleased with the NC improvement compared to the QC15. I've owned the QC 15 for years and was getting really tired of the cable catching on everything. The only thing I'm disappointed with is the QC 35 cord doesn't have a mic for phone calls.
Love them. Been using them in bed for birth meditation. Not having cords is convenient.  I'm Excited to use them for my water birth!!! Then I'll be using them eventually on runs and workouts!
I have this amp for 2 weeks and I like how much power this sub can handle. I am pushing 2 s3-1224 with it and it does amazing job. This thing doesnt even heat up. Its class d amp so it draws very little power. I wish it comes with the bass control knob. But I am planning to buy the controller.
The led doesnt sync with android( im not sure about all, but my galaxy 7), but sync with my i pad very well.
Fantastic sound gave my cds a new lease of life got this for xmas and it dosn,t dissapoint overall an outstanding product highly reccomended
man these are the speakers i have been looking for quite some time now, i am empressed.. dam it's good.
I'm consistently amazed at the fit of these earbuds. So soft you'll forget there on. Love the reinforced cable too, you could just about use them for mountain climbing! (But Don't!)
I have tried a lot of sound-bars out there from brands like Sonos, Boston Acoustics, Sony this is the best out there Pros:Great sound quality for movies and amazing quality for musicDialog is clear even at low volumesAt high volumes it will blow your mind
I just purchased my headphones last week and I'm glad it's been the best investment on headphones I made in awhile, I had the Bose in the ear but I lost them so I upgraded to the Quiet Comfort 35 and I'm loving it in my own world forget sometimes I'm out in public blocks out the outside world.
These speakers really rock w/ My Eclipse Stereo and I bought the db651's in the front to match. The bass is amazing and I'm not running an amb yet. Worth the money by far. The Clarity is amazing.
I originally had the HP speakers, that came with my computer -- talk about an UPGRADE!  And, I am no electronic, nor computer ..... but, these were a breeze to install.
Great reception, especially for where we live. The sound is superior no matter whether a radio , internet station or my own music. Easy to setup. It can't compare to anything else!
I brought these speakers the other day and i am really happy with these but i have a question. is there a way to link these with other Bose speakers or not.
This was a great buy! After trying similar sized wireless bluetooth speaker from other brands, I can say that this has much richer sound, lots of bass and looks great.
Bought the Flip 4. Not bad for sound quality and size. But wa made when the battery died after using for only 5 hours. The box said it could run for 12 hours.
Like other reviews I'm disappointed about the durability of ear phone pads. Expensive headphones deserve a better quality material. Comfort is great, sound out of this world, but durability of pads let's Bose down.
It has great battery and lasts me pretty long which is good however the annoying thing is, is that the button bit is bulky so the right earphone doesn't stay in my ear properly, especially during a workout.
Guys what’s with the huge box that is not needed...waste people ffs I get you try to make the unintelligent think there getting value for money but come on think of the environmental impact those boxes have... make it smaller and lower your costs seriously. Great product but the box fm.
These Speakers blew me away, couldn't believe how much better my stock head unit sounded once I replaced the door speakers with these 6X9's....Truly a great deal.
I have had this for 3 years and have dropeed it tons and used it tons. Its quality has never faltered and the design is fiiit.
I ordered these and got them 3 days later and the shipping was free! These enhancers are the only earbuds that fit comfortably without pain.
I paid 50.. but is amazin small and big sound ... i got many smller bluetooth speakers, but this is diferent small speakers.. but the sound is big!!!
This Bose product has lived up to ever expectation I had and more. It is a must have for any home or music enthusiast.
Fantastic range at all volumes.  Loud as you could possibly require.  If you can find these anywhere, snag them up--but bring wheels, they weigh 62 pounds each.
I Love them so far. I thought they didn't fit properly around my ears but It was user error (I'll admit it). I also like that nobody else has them in my gym. Always love the sound quality from the subs in the trunk to the headphones on my dome.
I bought 4 of these in College because I wanted better sound than the loud people across the street. 15 years later no problems, great sound. They've been with me through three apartments and soon to number 4. Love them
I bought this for my husband. He has the Quiet Comfort 15. The wireless Quiet Comfort 35 II is just what he needed. The sound quality is amazing while blocking out distracting background noise of a household. Glad I made this purchase. He uses it with his ipad downloads
The JBL Trip is the one speaker that small but it has a good quality , and easy to enjoy with that sound when we driver a car we can talk a phone easily .
Fits snug! I've had it for 2 months and take it everywhere. Everyone that sees it loves it, and wants to get one. The one I have it bright pink, love it!
I recently purchased the Polk rtiA9 speakers and I love these floor standing speakers. Simply Amazing!!!
Damn good speakers.  Heard things I never knew existed in my DVD movies before.  Coupled with a CS1 center, a perfect combination.
Just received my new SoundSport Free headphones in today's mail.  They're SUPERB!  Sound, comfort, and pairs well with my iPhone X and Watch Series 3.  A real feature I love now is that I don't feel like I'm wearing earrings when walking around!  Love the Bose sound--period.
They are very good they  comfortable  the music sound good very bass heavy with good highs the mic good excellent when talking on the phone today my first day using them at work I work 11 hours days I turn them one at 3am it’s now 8am and the battery life at 70% so far
Enjoying my Sound Touch 30 and wondering if I can add a second one for a "stereo sound" in my studio.
I'll never use my tv for sound again.  The Solo 15 brings big, quality sound from a small package.  On top of that, the factory renewed device works like new and is half the price of the original unit.  Well done, Bose.
Just turn it on and press Bluetooth. You get blown away like to were a much larger speaker. Well worth the money!
This system really enhanced the sound quality of my Sony tv. I WATCHED TWO MOVIES last night , the dialouge was crisp, never missed a word. Great great item.
The speaker has good performance and battery life. The only issue I have is the base is designed poorly, and it like to roll like a water bottle. It has rolled off the counter or table multiple times from the surface being jarred.
Just loved them. Seriously the battery lasts the whole six hours, sound quality rocks, and you can barely feel them in your ear.
This is a great add for anyone who is tired of bla bla bla yada yada yada radio. It gives you choice. I never turn on my regular am/fm anymore. It was great to integrate this unit with my whole house entertainment center.
I had it for one day bought from Best Buy next day speaker did't turn the power on. Great sound quality.
Bought these while traveling for work, battery charges quicker that stated, and gives a good 5 hours - have used seamlessly with Apple and Samsung products with no issues at all - fits perfectly and never moves while running and sound quality is pure.  Couldn't be happier with my first Bose purchase
I just installed a pair of these in my 2003 Bayliner. The sound is awesome and the clarity is top notch. It's so nice to be able to have quality sound on the water and not worry about a little spray destroying your tunes.
Confortable, doesn't fell of the ear. Perfect for handstand as well, the only bad point is that the sound quality is just fine, not the best, however totally worth it
I have enjoyed my new Bose headphones! I use them running and they sound great with no problems. I never thought I would use the mobile microphone part, but it has come in handy with my phone in my arm band!
Absolutely love it, not sure why some comments state set up difficult, mine was very easy and done within 5 mins. App works perfectly. I really enjoy the sound produced by Bose so was just as expected, everyones ears and tastes are different.
Fantastic I use this every day and it makes every movie I watch sound like I'm in a professional cinema while in the comfort of my own home
I bought this about 3 weeks ago.  I'm very happy with sound, easiness of setup, design. I was under the impression that it was a cordless rechargeable device, that's the only downside.  I can't take out where the is no power supply
I bought these as replacements when I lost one. These are exactly the same as the ones that come with the headphones. Excellent Trade and Fast shipping!
I absolutely love using this for parties and even just hanging by the pool! Perfect sound and works great with the music I stream from my phone! Love it
so glad I got this....The only issue I had was I had to wait to wait a month to get it...Well worth the wait !!
I've been using mine for a little over a year. The sound is fantastic and the battery life is better than expected. It's a great deal for the money.
I live in the country where my nearest neighbor is over 1/4 mile away.  These speakers crank out the music.  I loved the first one so much that I bought a second one...  I made the mistake of allowing my daughter to take it to college...  I highly recommend this system.
Great headphones with easy bluetooth setup.  I though about getting the noise canceling ones, which certainly do cancel more noise, but these are incredible at blocking noise pout as well.  I got these on sale right after Christmas,  so that makes me even happier with these.
Just received my cinemate 15 system ....All I can say is WOW. .So much power in this small system....5 stars ..period..
They seem to be more comfortable than the originals...let's see how long they stay in place and not start coming off all the time...
I LOVE this it sounds great best sound EVER!!! I didn't expect the quality of this product would be so great!
Excellent sound quality, I bought the models 131, 191 and 791 and although all have excellent sound quality this particular model has left me impressed.
Bought mine from currys pc world I wanted to be genuine don't know what you get from online shop's. This device is amazing I can't believe what sound come out from it. The bass is like you have big speakers and clarity is brilliant to. You need to go in the store and try it I have no words....
Very happy with the item so far. Use it for my PS4 to have sounds when the controller. Outstanding and JBL hit this one out of the park.
I have had these speakers for 12 years and they've never failed me. I will never buy any other brand of speaker for my home, in fact, I am about to purchase another system for another room in my house and I'm sure they will be just as good.
The Bose sound sport are light weight comfortable to where the clip on the wire will be your best friend, the sound is good but not as good as the Bose ultra but there are worth the price in my opinion
Bought QC35 recently and omg they are just something else... sound is amazing, the noise cancelling is the best thing. Daily commute will never be the same. Worth every penny! (:
I've been waiting for the around the ear, wireless, with a rechargeable battery headphone. But, why not have the noise canceling too. Last perk puts me at 4 stars!
Closed back phones. Great for keeping out noise on the bus and they sound great too. I listen to hard rock and lots of podcasts and love being able to hear the vocals on both without having to put the volume on max while on the bus.
Works seamlessly with our Google Chromecast! Relatively lightweight for a product that can do so much! The only thing the Google assistant doesn't seem to get right is the alarms and timers. They are always off by a couple of minutes.
Wow, I can't believe the audio and power you can get from this sub!  Not only is the bass smooth and clean..  The sub has a nice classy look to it.  I am in the military and need a sub that sounds good yet compact and easy to move when I move from station to station.  Best Purchase I made for a sub!
I bought this speaker a month ago and have been fairly impressed with it. The speaker has impressive sound quality and volume for its size. The only thing that could better would be battery life. The speaker battery only lasts about 4 hours, if that when on the higher/highest volume.
The clarity of my music through these headphones is wonderful. The noise cancelling adds to the listening experience and the Bluetooth gives you the freedom - brilliant.
absolutely satisfied... sure JBL quality... I am clipping on my bicycle...!!!!   How can take my tunes with you when I go riding... cool stuff...
The Charge 3 really over delivers.  Clear at all volumes, plenty of battery and delivers GREAT sound.  In a way, I'm glad my Charge 1.0 broke since the Charge 3 is what I bought as a replacement.
Music has never sounded any better! It still amazes me how a speaker this small produces such an amazing sound that fills my room always. The bass blows my mind.
Love this system, got the sub as well , the app is super easy to use,  love the design of the system.
Best wireless headset I have owned. Better than some $200 dollar ear buds that I had. The only gripe I have has to do with the buttons. It is hard for me to feel the difference between the buttons when not looking at the controls.
I bought this a month ago to play in the bathroom . It sounds amazing , I cannot believe something so small could be so efficient .
I bought this about 8 years ago. still going strong ! I just ordered a new remote for it but speaker still works great.When I buy  a new vehicle, it has to have Bose or I'm not interested !
Had this item for a year or more wow we love it inside or on the patio no problems . Thank you bose every bose product we own Is unmatched by any other.
I’ve had this a few weeks now and love it!  Connects easy, stays connected, battery lasts a long time, and it sounds amazing.
Great quality for the price, I’ve had a few pair of expensive in ear earphones in the past and I only bought these as a spare set but I seem to use them more than my others.. for the price I’d say you will struggle to find better sound quality
I've purchase this system 5 months ago and am extremely impressed with the performance.Bose won't let you down.you not only hear the sound,you also feel it.
I bought this to be a portable speaker in which to go with my projector. It is able to be loud and clear enough to fill a large room. Very satisfied.
Very happy with the item! The bass is exceptional. The technology (bluetooth) makes the connectivity effortless.
If you’re a fan of the Boombox, then you wouldn’t want to miss this beauty. Best Bluetooth bass speaker ever! (If that makes sense)
After market cable lacked the hi/lo switch on the so to get oem quality I came to bose to get the original so glad I did
I bought this  headphone one month for my son, he travel a lot and he said  its  the best headphone , specially when you are on the plane, you can sleep much better He really love it. I recommend it 100% .
I bought my SDA SRS 2.3's in 1990. I have never heard a speaker I like better. I have also been offered more than I payed for them. Of course, I refused. I use them for movies, stereo, SACD & DVD audio. They easily handle anything I give them, with great sound.
I’m at a hotel and they have this as the alarm clock and I figured out all the controls easily. The alarm wakes me up even though im a very heavy sleeper.
Amazing!!!! I love this, it works really well, it cuts out all noise, quite useful for ignoring parents when your doing homework
We bought this speaker months ago and still love it. We use it on our patio when relaxing outside. The sound is amazing!! The battery seems like it lasts forever too!! My Mac battery needs charging more frequently than this speaker!!
Used daily. No actual failure until 3 years old. Now one ear only. There’s worked hard. However, could be made not to fail at cable/Box junction.
I was in the Bose store picking up other items when I noticed the sound quality of the Solo15. I bought it immediately. Setup is easy, quick, and straightforward. The sound quality is amazing. Easy connection to Bluetooth devices as well. Awesome product and I highly recommend it.
I love this headphones, bad thing is the clothes clip that comes with them it gets loose and I lost them within a few weeks of having them
really great distortion pedal. the EQ sweeps allow you to dial it up really cool. from metal to all out fuzz, your good to go. You just need a clean sounding amp.
I bought four of these for Christmas gifts. Then I tested one. Next thing I know, I decided to re-evaluate my gifts, because I decided to keep one of these. This is a must have. This quality of sound is amazing! The clip makes it easy to carry. I am going to use it on my next cruise.
Wow! I have had my eye on this speaker for a while and finally decided to buy one. I'm so happy I did. This thing is loud! It's exactly what I was looking for. The sound is great.. plus the bass is where it's at! Thank you for making such a great product.
It sounds great, loud and clear, also is very portable. my only complaint is that you cannot listen it while charging. So if the battery dies you´ll have to wait until gets charged.
The sound quality is great! Much better than other brands. I can set my phone down and still hear my music while I walk across the gym. The battery seems to last forever. They are comfortable and don't slip out of my ears when I run or lift weights. I would definitely by these again.
I got this delivered today from Amazon India and I am absolutely satisfied with the service of Amazon and Bose. The sound is amazing and true value for money.
As my predecessor already said, the K 313 is a well designed performance balanced in-ear plug! Got a great volume range and nice sound quality (especially the bass tones)! Perfect for voyages and trips were you don't have a lot of space!
service was great, arrived quickly, my daughter loves them, she is only 3 but  imagine they will last her for  many years, they are good quality at a  fair price, the bluetooth also works very well
I am very pleased with this system.  A few months prior to this purchase, I bought a "Wave" radio, and then found out about the I-Sonic.  I returned the "Wave" and am so glad I did.  Its like comparing a Model T to the Space Shuttle.
I received my "BSW"  A few days ago. I only take it off to charge! This is what i have been wanting for! Bose. I think you've done it again!!! Outstanding!
I am truly pleased with the quality and performance of my Onyx 2. You truly will enjoy this throughout ownership.
Love these on first use but can't yet comment on durability. Easy to set up and great sound. Excellent product especially given the low price. Brilliant for sport, they stay in place even when on a long run.
i have used yall my whole life dad had em i have aswell never had a problem exept things i've done to em.
One of my friends recommended this speaker because it has an amazing sound quality, and I’m so glad I did.
I have had my Polk 4000 Sound Bar for over a year now and it has worked great. I use it with my bedroom tv and it gives an extraordinary sound without all the messy wires. I would how ever recommend to upgrade to the 6000 model if you are useing it in a larger room.
I'm happy with my 580s. But the customer service representative promised me 10 discount  when I reorder because of incomplete address. Broken promise sad to say.
Best speaker around. Quality sound,exceptional battery life,water proof. Really like charging my phone outdoors
bought this last week when i fire it up i am really amazed on the sound and bass is powerful mid and highs is balanced very wide sound stage 301 is worth for the bucks
If you are looking for around-ear headphones that provide great sound quality and depth, this is the product for you. It is also comfortable especially when you compare it with other brands. The sound quality is also top mark. Nice looking too.
My right plug just died - don't fancy shelling out another £80 for another pair.  You should do a replace or repair service - loved these phones.
not my first set if these - - I love the tiny model that you can wear comfortably inside a ski helmet, even sleep against!!  Microphone is clear and I use them as my go to phone call earphones!!
I must tell you that the new FXi5s not only rocks the house you can hear things in movies and in music you never knew where their.These speakers have such a rich full sound to them you can place them anywhere .Well worth the price get them you wont be sorry.
thes subs ROCK!. i have mine ina 72 plymouth duster. when circut city hooked them up. to my 1,200 bazooka mono sub amp..they handled EVERY BIT of it with no problem and had ppl at circut city coming to the car audio section.these subs can make a quarter bounce off the trunk..
Bough these headphones for going out of the house and around town and love the sound quality and comfort of them... Doesn't get very loud though and wish it had more volume but my best headphones so far!
Great sounding stayed in my ear never fell out phone mic worked perfectly 5 stars for sure. I accidentally closed them in my car door so I need to get a replacement pair but for the 5 months I used them business, walking running they worked awesome !
Bought these as part of my ongoing search to find a comfortable pair of headphones to wear at the gym. My search is over. These puppies are comfortable and do not require the constant re-adjustment that my previous pair of headphones required.
Tried these out and instantly loved them! It completely blocks out any noise. Other noise cancelling headphones don't even come close to this amazing product!
Great all around for a fair price.Doesnt kill your wallet and has some of the best audio I've had out of any earbuds, ever. Plus the variety of color and comfortable fit make it perfect for anyone to use. Good battery life, good cord length.
I love it, however, just like everyone else the +/- switch confuses me.  I never quite know if it is off. Also, the battery life doesn't last very long. I have recommended to many friends.  I love that I don't have to wear anything in my ears.
I bought this unit to use in my basement studio but when I saw the good looks I opted to use it for my home theatre. WOW!!!!
I got one of these in the mint color for my birthday! It is so awesome! It connects almost instantly with my iTouch and the sound quality is beyond compare! The device is wireless and rechargeable!! Wow!! Love it!! Thank you Bose!!
As soon as I opened the box I knew it was going to be excellent. When I turned it on it had 50% battery so I could use it straight away and had my phone connected within seconds. The sound is is crisp and clear its amazing how Bose dose it. Very very happy with it.
I was originally thinking about buying a beats pill or a JBL flip, but everyone was telling me, NO BUY BOSE THEY ARE THE BEST! I decided to refrain from buying the competitors and I am very glad I did. The speaker might seem small in the dimensions but believe me this speaker packs a huge punch!
I bought the speaker to use at my desk so I do not have to use head phones. It works great easy and good sound for the size. i am happy with my purchase.
I won this at my job and could not believe the sound quality of this speaker.  When I travel, I grab this little guy and keep it moving. the pairing is quick and I haven't had an issue at all since using it.  I snap on to my book back for work and carry it everywhere.  Great little item.
I have bought Bose products for the past 30 years and I have not been disappointed yet.I bought a SoundTouch 20 two weeks ago and will be adding another soon.30 year old 301's still going strong as well as 10 year 901's.
I bought this 2 weeks ago and my experience has been great so far! I would definitely recommend to anyone! Thank you JBL!
I have done custom installs with the amps thay are great i wood rate all of ther amps the highest level of good sound for your moneys worth
I bought my pair of Synchros S700's October 2013, The sound reproduction that JBL is known for is excellent, but the build quality is questionable.
Great speaker! Clear crisp audio when paired via bluetooth. My only disappointment with it is the volume when connected via the aux. jack is substantially less than when using bluetooth. If Bose could fix that it would rate a 5+
Originally purchased for holidays, now used every day! This small speaker gives a lot more punch than you would expect for its size, and I already have some very impressed family + friends now looking to purchase their own.  Well done Bose!
The QC 35 acts like magic. Once you put it on your ear, it removes all sound. It's also very comfortable, been using them for 4 months
I'd give the headphones 5 stars if the cord were more robust. It appears that, like many, I have had the problem of the end of the jack taking a small bump and becoming inoperable.
I have two speaker they sound nice love them. The only thing I don't like is that you can't pair them together! In order for me to play them at the same time, I need to use the aux.Using a Y headphone jack plugged in my phone. Making it not wireless! ;(
I heard this in a store and loved it immediately! The bass is good, so is the clarity. The bluetooth restreaming is a cool idea.
I passed my old headphones to the charity shop,so pleased with the clarity of sound,lightness and comfort to wear, and freedom of movement with no wire to worry about.Brilliant!
Great set of speakers. Just up grade my home thearter system. I have a very large open room  They fill the room with wall shaking bass and sound.
Absolutely love these headphones coming from a qc3.  I'll never get on a plane without them.  Bluetooth makes it even more desirable.   I can link to my tv at night allowing my family to sleep while I watch tv.
I was mesmarized with the performance... an unbeatable design with the high quality standards of sound is what makes this device special. I really liked a lot
Had this system for about a week, sounds great , easy set up and operation, came with a few streaming apps installed but can't figure out how or if I can add some of my favorites like Netflix , MLB.TV. Overall a great system especially since I got an extra $200 off on a brads deals ad.
I bought this for Mother's Day for for my girlfriend and she loves it, she wants to get me one so we can pair them together and have two great speakers.
1. When it was tuned to the max volume, the battery would run out in about 2 hours. 2. Sometimes it becomes unwakeable until I charge it. 3. It's picky to the AC source. ( It doesn't eat my 5-ports usb hub)  Other than all the small issues above, I still love my soundlink mini 2 for sure.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for afamily member. I put it through the paces and I was so impressed, I ordered another one for myself. (Thank goodness that the sale price is still available).
I own every style of Bose headphones ,not one complaint, satisfied and happy except I can't believe AE2w come in a BAG That is no way to package a great set of headphones
Excellent kit. amazing sound quality and feels like you are the only one in this world and rest is soundless ! it has to be bought to experience this you cannot feel this at shop while trailing the headphones.
Excellent sound quality. Very clear deep base, sharp trebles and mid range. Elegant look. I enjoy every time irrespectively to the type of music I listen,thanks to Polk Audio.Value of Money.
Its simply amazing!!!...a battery option would have been beneficial though. amazing sound clarity..and worth the money...it's after all BOSE!...Salute your work!!
Really makes the sound digital....High's are so clear and the bass really rumbles...It looks really at home in my stereo system.  The remote is easy to use and I am very pleased.  I can recommend without hesitation.
I have this sub running off of a JBL GTO 1201.1 and this thing sounds awesome. It's really clean and pretty hard.
We bought one of these a year ago and loved it so much that we bought another one for the spare room.  The USB charger is useful and we particularly like the ambient lighted display.
I bought this last week and I am very impressed with the sound and bass produced from this little speaker.
great speakers.  all i have to say is you have to see and hear them to believe.  also get the cherry finish it makes them look as good as they sound.
The Bose Wave system III is great could not believe how good the sound it producers, I have been waiting to purchase one for a long time and now that I have I am very pleased with it.
The Sound is amazing, deep bass, clear treble, really nice. But the design is a little heavy for ear-buds "a lot of unnecessary plastic body" that makes uncomfortable adjustment.
I bought this a month ago and it rattles my room (24 x 18 foot room). The lows are very low, you do not even hear them rather you feel the bass. Probably one of the best subwoofers I have had (have polk audio and custom setups in other rooms).
Still I think this little speaker is a best buy.  Compact size,  quality materials, the sound is (of course not the best) far good enough. Cheap.  Fast delivery. If I know this,  I get a bigger one! :-D.  My girlfriend love it.  Working with everything easily (phones, PC, laptop)
Had a Charge 2+ and am so happy and surprised about how many great changes were made on this speaker it is totally worth the money.  Its battery is super long lasting its can get to a very loud volume, stands up straight doesn't roll off things.  Honestly, the best speaker you will find out there.
I wanted something that I could strap to the handlebar of my bike when I am out riding. This little thing sounds better than it has any right to sound. BUY IT if you have the right application. It's my 3rd Bose product and I pleased with all three of them.
I own the waterproof Charge 3 and it's awesome. Easy to pair and use and you never have to worry about where you take or use it since it waterproof.
I bought the sound bar 500 including sub and surround sound speakers with stands and have it hooked up to a 60 inch Sony tv and it’s amazing with sound for both movies and music.
Bought these as a gift for my 12yr old. I read previous reviews and people loved them but I was still skeptical.  Once received I was happy. The white is very cute and sound is good. Love how the ears fold in. Price is awesome. Now my mom now wants a pair but the white is sold out. :(
Works & sounds very good, clear sound nice bass, the batt doesent lasts 5 hours, may be 2.5, again, I love the sound.
I bought this 2 weeks back and it is really very nice. I strongly recommend this....worth for ur money
I replaced these with some bs speakers i got from ebay. The speakers were supposed to handle 700 watts. Thats right 700 WATTS. These speakers kicked its ass the second they were in my car. All I can say is WOW!!!!! Great Great speakers for the price and for quality. GO POLK, all the way!!!!!!!!!
I buy this to replace my OE Bluetooth Bose, replace is incredible, quality of product, sound, easy to set up with my two phones, and yes! works excellent on both phones.
The freestyle earbuds are the best earbuds I have ever had! They fit great in the hear, sometimes forget I have them in. I can keep them in 10 times longer then my other earbuds. If you are thinking about getting them, you should get them over any others earbuds.
I love the sound quality and the case, but it stops there. The sport tip things are soooooo annoying and they are not comfortable at all.
These SoundSport headphones are excellent! They're very, comfy, durable, powerful when it comes to music, and last but no least, the heart-rate monitor fails to disappoint.
Bought it for a present for my son because he's in the army and it small and portable but WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED THAT IT DID NOT Come WITH A CASE TO PROTECT IT or A MAINS ADAPTOR ...??????? How do I get these items
I have had my JBL flip for a few years and I love it. I have never had any issues with connectivity. It has been dropped, splashed and abused in general... still works awesome. Great product
I have had this sub since they came out and I have a 19'x23' room and the sub still sounds great hooked up to a Onkyo receiver and rti70 front speakers and fxi30 for surround, what a team, but I am considering adding a dual sub which will probably be a 404 sub just for that extra kick.
This SoundTouch 20 speaker is brilliant. Easy to set up, great room filling sound and the fact that it has BlueTooth and not AirPlay is so much better and gives me more freedom with my music.
I bought these headphones a couple of months ago and they are the best that i have had. Cannot hear anything that other members of the family are saying to me [annoying them intently].Sound quality is superb like being at a concert you can hear every instrument individually great buy
I bought a pair of JBL Studio 290 floor standing speaker and a JBL Arena Sub 100P and my Acom audio system  now sounds great!!!
I've wanted a quality BT speaker for the longest time, glad I researched first and JBL Charge 3 came on top of the list! Just hoping battery won't be an issue in months to come. Otherwise, this is a high-quality BT speaker, I'm very satisfied!
I have a 2009 Scion tC and it took us a good 2 hours just to get the first one in and figure out what we we’re doing. Besides the dreadful installation, they sound good.
I have had issued with apple headphones staying in my ear when I was just sitting down let alone working out! These headphones are a lifesaver and I work out in them with ease. I have 3 pairs!
I did get the Bose headset for my cell buy accident,but it is so great for my job because i never mise a call i can event negaciate on the on my cell.The custumer love it because i am there ready to anwser their question.
i bought this a week ago and they are really comfortable and sound great, i just wish they ha the feature  that when you take one earbud out the music stops
Sound quality is astonishing. Great base and smooth sounds. It's not perfect but can still improve. Audio has been delayed to bouncing a few times while on bike. (It's not meant for resting or sleeping).
The sound is great, speaker is great. But I have it for two months and I cannot charge it. The charger is used for my phone and works perfectly, but I cannot charge it! Even not with the charger I got in box....
Very pleased with this product, no more missing what's being said. Does exactly what it claims to do. Easy and simple set up. To be super critical, would like a volume level indicator. Would recommend this product.
Does what it needs to do well and looks good. Good sound a bit locking in the midrange but it's a portable waterproof speaker. Love it
I found this JBL flip in the ditch of a dirt road on my morning run. It had been raining, so the JBL flip was wet and muddy. I got it home turned it on, bluetooth connected with my iphone, and it promptly produced some great sounds for such a small, wet and muddy speaker.
Bought this after xtreme 2 came out because the price dropped, AND ITS AMAZING. Deep, filling bass and lots of power! Amazing speaker!
These things are on point like a number 2 pencil!!! They can get extremely loud without distortion and can really boom the bass too. I two mm691 in the front and two mm651 in the back with a rockford fosgate punch amp and they are amazing!!!!
Bought this as a Christmas gift and was told it was an awesome speaker, so clear and with it being wireless/Bluetooth it will be used a lot. Great Speaker JBL....
The sound quality on this system is just flawless. I already have a SoundTouch™ 20 Series I and this new device compliments my existing one to give a true multi-room, rich listening experience.Buy one!! :-)
I was replacing my old headphones and these are definitely a step up.  Great sound and value.  Ordering was easy and they arrived quickly.
I just got this today and I love this. Its so loud the base is great and I am glad I purchased this speaker. You have to get it. The light show is amazing. Can't wait to show it off at work. I was going to get a Bose but got this instead so glad I did.
I’ve been very happy with the buds. Accidentally left one in a cab last night and still trying to replace. Please let me know how I can order a new right ear bud. Thanks so much! CW
Working for me since 2016, still in great condition. Sound quality is great for such a small device. I also love its durability - after several drops and sinking in bucket of dirty water my JBL GO is still alive.
I LOVE MY R50S THEY HAVE A NICE RICH,CLEAR SOUND ALONG WITH MY PSW12 THEY SEEM TO MAKE A GREAT SYSTEM. I HAVE REPLACED MY TWEETERS IN THE R50 TWICE AND WILL AGAIN IN FUTURE IF NEED BE BECAUSE YOU WONT FIND THIS KIND OF SOUND IN THE AVERAGE FLOOR STANDING SPEAKER THANKYOU!
these are incredible speakers. i had a pair of monitor 10 polk speakers and sold them when i got these. the sound is incredible better the the monitor 10. the size is also small so they dont take up as much room. will own these forever.
I've tried many headphones but they've not been right and have hurt my ears but these are so comfortable it doesn't even feel like I'm wearing them. And the sound quality is out of this world. It's definitely a product I'll recommend to friends and family who love their music as much as Me.
This is a very satisfying radio and glad I made the purchase. The CD-MP3 player is a real plus. Larry F.
My friends bought wireless headphones too, but mine stood out the different brands. Audio wise, this is superb! love it. Worth every single cent!
I definitely made the best decision and picked these. The sound is incredible. No lag when watching movies. Easy to use and do not fall out. I work outside and these can handle the Florida humidity.
This is a life saver. I had a different product that broke immediately. This one stayed strong and is comfortable.
For the size and price, this unit has a very deep bass sound and rich/clear sound that one can hear the full notes of songs. It is truly the best sound one can get from something this size with the current technology.
I bought these speakers at Fry's Electronic in San Jose. The price was really low for only $175.99 per speaker. I used to dream to own these speakers, but back then, it was $589.95 per speaker. Now I have it for almost one year, I still love the quality of it. It is perfect for my living room.
I have only had these a week so far there great sound quality is awesome I like the appearance of them!!
First day of use....2 hours at the gym. You hear nothing but the music from the earbuds. Rich and deep bass. Clear mids and highs. The buds stay in your ear....and the collar around the neck seems to not be there at all....Happy with my new acquisition!
This system was easy to set up and it sounds incredible.  The wifi and bluetooth connectivity make it easy to listen to music
My friend had this speaker at her party and the quality was amazing! Will certainly be purchasing one for myself sometime soon!
My friend has a JBL speaker and I loved it so, I asked for one for Christmas and I am SO happy with it. It has amazing sound quality and it's small so, it's easily portable and I use it all the time. Definitely recommend it.
They sound great and fit is secure  even working out  the only drawback I would say would be the location of the volume and power control its to close to the ear and a little annoying and har d to access. Thank you.
This sound system boxes way above its weight. When using the radio it sometimes has too much base. But all in all I love it.
I love these things but there is a trick to getting the best sound. You got to boost the Bass. You can do this through EQ under Music on the I Phone. But I belive after that they are some of the best earbuds I have owned.
This was one of the best Bose purchases I’ve ever made.  The sound, quality and firm fit helps me focus on my exercise- not loosing os sweating up my head phones.  This was a “no brainer.....”
Bought this 4days ago and I must say it's the best wireless speaker in the market. I use my iphone, iPad, laptop and tv to connect it, sound is perfect. Worth every penny! No doubt.
Impressive sound fills my room with more than enough great sound. Would like to thank the guy at Safe& Sound in Chicopee Ma
Best wireless speaker out there.  Fantastic sound and no issues at all.  Charges easily and charge lasts for up to 24 hours of continuous play.  Highly recommend, much better than other products on the market.
I just got my one today and I can say it makes really good sound! Its way better than my Beats Pill! I got the blue and that little thng is so well! I'm saying just buy it!
this sub is the shit if you want power this is it it hits so hard from my 1994 ford exploer that i can make dishes fall of the table inside and i only got 2 and a 800 watt polk audio amp and rember polk is tha shiznit so 4 all u peeps who like to rumble it dont get no more bad ass than polk
I bought revolve+ 1 year ago and i just love to hear any and everything on it. It has been impressing everyone.. Superb design and outstanding sound quality. Always Bose...
I looked around for a home subwoofer in this price range.  This one blows all the competition away.  All the others I looked at distorted when you turned up the volume, and lost sound.
Delighted with our purchase we need to add a few things and we are about Tom purchase some headphones
Brought this couple of weeks ago. Tried all types of songs, and it just performed amazing. Recommended to many of my friends. It fills the room with audio..
Sound bar sounded tinny at first but once the drivers stretched their legs more of the mid range came forward. The bass is unparalleled to any other sound bar I have heard but if it is too overwhelming it can be turned down. I would recommend.
- awesome sound for the size !  It's great for small indoor occasions. I would recommend the JBL charge if you would like a speaker that would begetter fit for a party.
The best Bluetooth earphones. Happy to have bought these. My first bose. And being a keen music listener.... They are such a treat
Outstanding!  Add this to a quality receiver like a Denon 870 with automatic setup capability and you will enjoy that smug feeling of a great acquisition every time you turn on the TV!
I followed the instructions carefully and the setup went smoothly. The ease of use and versatility of the system are outstanding. It is early yet as I just installed and tested the unit. I hope the Bose SoundTouch proves to be strong and hardy over time.
Great sub for the price! Was looking for a responsive sub that retained deep bass, and this sub does the job. Beats my old dvc kicker 12"
Some one complained about the price. Yes...it's excessive, but worth every dollar. I love my wave system and every other Bose product that I own. Thanks again Bose, you are number ONE!!!
I purchased this set in 1999 and have never looked back.  They are PERFECT in every way.  True home theatre at the perfect price.  And that great Polk Audio Customer Service.  You can't go wrong.
I bought these for Christmas and there perfect. I have the beats solo's and these win by far. The sound quality is UNBELIEVABLE!!!! I totally recommend!!!!!!!
Great audio, but no very durable; the plastic feel cheap and scratches easily. On the other hand the control options work perfectly and are simply dilaightful.
Have a nice sound for the size.  Great highs and ample mid and low range for 4X6 speakers.  I get a little distortion at high volume with 25 watts RMS, but that may be from the stock trim panels rattleing.
I just bought two of the MM104's and have the C500s model polk amp is this going to be enough power for two of these subs? will it be under powered? can you do harm to the sub if its under powered? Sorry im just learning. cant wait to try them
I bought these 6 months ago and use them often.  I love them for hiking and walking and connecting to my phone with Bluetooth! I'm buying more!!
These are amazing speakers. I upgraded from a pair of R50's. I have had these RTi8's for about 4 months now, hopefully within the next couple, I will be upgrading to some RTi12's. Nothing beats a Polk speaker. (Ok, well, maybe some $30,000 McIntosh speakers).
I absolute love these headphones! yoi have never heard music in this way before! The quay lift is great!
Polk RTI-4's OWN there price range.  The RTI-4 even beats out more expensive Polks!  Until you hit the LSI-9's there isn't a better bookshelf speaker from Polk Audio.  I get to put these guys up against Totems, KEF's, Bose(ewww), and B&W's.  At this price for  a pair, you just cannot beat 'em.
The sound quality is amazing for something this size.Would highly recommend it to any one you wiil not be disappointed.
i bought this above six months before.i sell my sony sub.its great..low price and more effective. very better than my old sony SAW M500 SUB.thanks polk.
Perfect...!! It exceeds my expectations.  I am extremely happy with my Bose SoundTouch 300 sound bar.  Was easy to install.  Sounds great at low volume , and sounds Great at High volume.  Enough Lows, and Great highs. And great mid ranges.  Thanks Bose..!!!
Great set of headphones, awesome sound Quality, affordable price. I love this headphones and I Will recommend anyone not willing to pay hundreds of dollars and have a high Quality sound to look for any of the JBL products, you won't be disappointed. Thank you JBL
I have two set of JBL speakers, the other one is ES80 which I enjoy a lot while playing classic music. Using one of Loft40 as center speaker. Overall very satisfied with Loft40 but it's a bit bigger than I expected. The height is 10" and width is 6.5". For small room is good price and quality.
this sub woofer kicks perfectly;and has a very good price. please Continue to produce this sub woofer;never stop!
The speaker is really what they claim it is. Tiny until you turn it on. More bass, super loud and amazing quality !
Bought this the other day great sound quality and looks very stylish. Easy to set up and very easy to use. Definitely going to buy more!!!
I bought this magic a month ago and I am fully satisfied. I tried many headsets and found the best Noise cancellation and comfort in QC35. Thanks.
I got these on my birthday and the sound quality is so amazing !! I got the blue one...the colour is so vibrant and beautiful. I LOVE THIS....!!!!!!!
I bought this speeker and im really happy with it. Its play really good and lightshow gives more experience. The only thing i would love to change is that annoying and loud noise when i turn on and off my speeker
I bought three of these in a sealed box a while ago. they hit so hard. these are really good subs at a resonable price. I have a rock fordfosgate 1000watt amp powering the subs.
Perfect for in the kitchen. As a chef I enjoy having music play in the kitchen while working,  but with all the equipment and good fans going it is really hard to find a good speaker that you can still hear. This is the one ;)
I love these things they pound hard. My neighbors don't like me anymore but who needs them! they are very nice in my '94 taurus. i need a new amp though well worth the money. if your looking for a good system look no longer!!
This is a quality product, built to last and it sounds just as good.  Has a great range in my yard and is extremely portable.
Great quality. Sounds nice as bluetooth headphones. Easy pairing with the device.  Citron ones look great. I've waited for month.
I actually owned this as my first Bluetooth speaker and I loved it! It lasted me a good while as well and was very durable considering I'm a clumsy.
I ordered my Charge 3 some time late Saturday night into Sunday morning and it arrived Tuesday evening! I love the presentation of the packaging so beautiful and professional. The speaker it self is amazing quality and the bass is crystal clear the best sound I've ever heard in the portable speaker.
I purchased a miDock Portfolio, it is one of the best docking stations, finish , portability & audio Quality. The shocking find was that my IPod Touch does not work on this. Request clarifications form some one who is using this combination of Portfolio with I Pod touch 8GB
so far everything is awesome, only issue is that the isolation isnt that great, you can hear most sound of the outside world...but the volume is really loud, did not experience it to be low like other people say it is.
Jbl flip 4 is a really great speaker, I compared few of these Bluetooth speakers for outdoor use like -  jbl 3, Sony xb20, jvc and UE boom. In my personal opinion the Flip 4 has the best sound and build quality. Overall - this is a fantastic speaker for travellers, water and dirt proof .
I bought this last year n I'm so happy with price wise quality sound I love Bose becouse 3 sound system in my house plus headphone classic super duper.
this sub is amazing bought one from bestbuy hooked it up to my 300 watt jenson. kicks lik u wouldnt believe. i shook off my rear view mirror.
The headphones are comfortable and of high quality. I find that the volume received with these are not as loud as other ear buds.
I got this the other day and I just love it great sound and the disco lights just make it even greater
This little speaker has MASSIVE sound. I was blown away the first time I switched it on and started banging my hip hop. Base, Clarity, volume, this lil guy has it all.
I bought the speaker a while ago and it has some technical issues but it still sounds great. The speaker is good indoors and okay outdoors. The speaker is a little quiet for a bbq but that's what you would expect from a speaker the size of your palm.
I bought this product about a week ago now, it is absolutely outstanding. The bass is incredible, and the sound is just brilliant. All the controls are very easy to use, and the speakers are a very nice design. Setup is very straight forward and simple. I highly recommend this product.
After reading so many reviews I pulled trigger on these,I am just completely floored by the sound these make.
Great sound when playing songs not heavy on the bass. The one thing it needs is a EQ, I really hope they fix this. The only way you can change the EQ is by playing songs on iTunes and changing the settings on the iPhone/iPad settings.
i just got this yesterday and i do not regret it at all. I recomend it to anyone that likes loud music
Awesome performance for price. Will handle big class D amps as well as low powered systems and sound bumpin good.
Great customer service. Good price value. Not so easy to setup but once you figure it out it’s very easy. Great technology. Love JBL
Overall I love this speaker minus the no aux port. Having a good bass is a must for me and the sound quality is always top notch for JBL and I think it may be better than the Flip . The only thing I did not like was that the Google assistant didn't work without the WiFi.
We bought this speaker when on holidays about a year and a half ago.  The sound is amazing for such a small unit.  While using it outside it vibrated off a table on our sun deck falling onto a brick patio below about 10 feet.  Other than a dent in the side it still works and sounds great!
They sound good ... and I hope they will last ...ask me 5 years from now.  Would gladly have spent more for them to have been "Made in USA"  JBL speakers like it used to be.
The Best in its class! Awesome sound quality, Sporty Design!. There nothing you ask for in a pure wireless sports headphones!!
After 24+ years these babies are still amazing! I've had them sitting idle for a few years, but decided to revisit them recently. Coupled to a adcom 555 amp. They can really shake the house :}.. Only wish Polk still made them..
I've bought mine creature II about 8 or 10 yrs ago and still working perfectly! I'm looking for new ones now and this is going to be my choise for sure. Highly recommended to everyone!
i just bought 2 pairs or these speakers to find out that these "6.5" speakers dont fit my 6.5 factory places. then after 1 day of listening to them 2 of the woofers went on me. besides that though they sound excellent and would highly reccomend them
Switched to them after QC15, and was amaized - ANC is even better, sound is better, and they extremely convenient and full of features.
Love these headphones for traveling but I am so disappointed they will not connect to my laptop...that is a bit ridiculous
I needed a bluetooth speaker for my IPAD. I could not believe the sound, great bass, that this small package puts out. Solid feel and finish construction. Probably should not have been a surprise; it is JBL!
I've owned by QuiteControls for 2 years now, love them!!  I love how it is soundpoof, the sounds are amazing.  Will be buying my next pair once these i have say goodbye, but they are not ready to yet.
I sleep next to a person who snores. These have let me sleep a full night. I have not had this in years!
i have bought two of this headphones to my dad , he is in love with the sound and wireless feature .  easy to use even when is already paired with other device that is out of range,  son confy
I love the good quality sound, and this is the best speaker i ever had, because of its sound quality, size, battery life, price and its just beautiful, i have used it for a year and its like new.
Just hooked this up and it was very easy to do and sounds really good for such a small speaker very happy with this!
i bought to use it in my car to record everything so i can see how i drive. It really good value for money and it has not let me down since i had it and will say it very good value  and we work well every car.
I just picked up a pair of these and installed them today. When I turned them on I was amased how well they sounded, I am now going to get another set to make my system that much better. I am very pleased with them and highly reccommend them.
I love my headphones, but it's annoying that they turn off automatically when there's no sound, because sometimes I just wear them to block outside noises. Also, why does the voice sound like Jane Lynch?
very tough product. fantastic battery life. i use it almost every day. had mine for 3 years and only the ear muffs have fallen apart. I'm very rough with the product and often workout with it on. (why the muffs are started to tear). well worth the money
I bought this for myself for Christmas and I love it. I accidentally bought the black when I meant to order it in pink so my bad, but I just love it and the sound it puts out and the size is perfect for all of my work travel. I highly recommend it!
Purchased two this past weekend. Set both up in no time. Sound is great and working the volume from a cell or pad makes adjusting the levels so easy. Its great to hear the quality of the music as you walk from one room to another. Considering a 3rd to make the entire house a Bose boom box.
Originally I was going with the Sonos, but it does not support BlueTooth.  It connects to my mac by bluetooth. Connects to my WiFi network. So easy@
THE SPEAKERS ARE BEAUTIFUL TO LOOK AT & SOUND GREAT FOR THE PRICE THERE WORTH 600.00 A PAIR OR MORE .GREAT JOB POLK AUDIO THANK YOU FOR MY SIDE & REAR  SPEAKERS, LOVE THEM ,ANGELO
It works great for any application! I use this amp for my polkmomo 6,5" spilts and with the built in eq it plays the splits so sweet and pure! Great value for money!
Best choice for work! These pair of headphones are so reliable that I've been using them for more than a year and there no issue with them, which makes me have no excuse to buy a new pair of midnight blue ones, they look so beautiful.
Compact headphones for children that also has volume limiter. Cable is on a single side of the headphones to avoid getting tangled. Kids love them as are more comfortable than in ear headphones and have soft cushioned ear pads! They are brightly coloured too! Would be great for travelling!
From the moment i set up the system i have not been dissapointed .Sound is exceptionally high quality, my old CDs sound better than ever would highly advice people to buy
Dollar for dollar is the absolute best system you can purchase. All my Bose loving friends are eating thier hearts out now!
I blew out my Cerwin-Vegas and replaced them with these.  I almost fell over when I cranked them up to Why Part II from Collective Soul.  Man I could not believe how clear they sounded.
I did not think that this quality of sound was possible from such a small device. Early days yet, but set up was extremely easy (automatic with my win7 notebook) and there was no delay in enjoying the pleasure of this Mini Bluetooth Speaker. Well done.
I got these a month ago and was not expecting the great sound. JBL out did them selfs with these. If you like a lot of bass these aren't for you but if you want to hear the full spectrum of sound you'll be extremely pleased with these.
Originally ordered in March but not available for immediate delivery. I'm glad I waited and it paid off. Everything about it is outstanding. I just hope I enjoy it for many years. Should have bought two.
SIMPLY AMAZING! It's hard to believe that such a compact speaker like this can play music very loud in a great sound quality! The speaker makes me instantly think that Bose always puts a lot of effort into making great products that are definitely worth the money.
Ive had other head phones , but these are the purest and most dynamic I’ve  ever purchased. They fit so comfortably in your ears ,and although they are not noise cancellation they do a great job ,you cannot hear any near noise . Well worth the money , invest in a pair ,you wont be disappointed.
My husband bought me my sound dock for my birthday it is amazing the sound that comes out of it is clear and just fantastic can't praise it enough
It has an incredible sound and the button location is great! It is really comfortable and it's easy to use! Overall it the best headphone I bought if you are unsure to buy these I highly suggest you do.
I bought the link 10 and will likely be buying another one soon.  It bring any room I take it into to life and makes my homegroup sound amazing !
I purchased the Companion 50 in November 2017. Using it with my Television for Movies and Gaming(PS4). The experience is immersive surround for movies and games. A must have for budget minded and for someone with a viewing distance upto 10 feet.
I bought these speakers for christmas and they're the best speakers I've ever owned. They have a amazing sound quality for the price.
i ran into these when i was gonna buy a center channel speaker for the rti8 instead i bought the rti10 for the same price so i took the rti8 back.and couldnt be anymore happier
I am loving every minute of this Bose wireless speaker!! I can't believe it to so loud! My family thought I was using my big speaker I bought for my living room. The sound quality is amazing! So clear, crisp, and lots of bass! It sure keeps me moving while I'm cleaning and working out!
I love these. I have small ears so it's hard to find just the right ear bud. They are comfortable and sound good! Sadly I dropped my pair and they were crunched by someone's car. But I love them so much I'm investing in another pair.
Bose has been my favorite product for a long time. At first I was not too convinced, but they are perfect for me. I train alot outside so I needed this :)The buttons are a bit hard to press, but idc.
Amazing product can not find fault! Was amazed at how easy it was to set up and now at a touch of a button I can listen to all my music in one place without messing around with wires highly recommended
excelent speakers... i had before MB QUART DSE 216. changes: the tweeters are more agressive, clean, and sometimes can hurt. need to cut the trebble. the mids are excelent bass is great too
I purchased this same model and had it installed at sound wharehouse however I think the installer may have left out the high level input connectors on my amplifier how do I obtain the high-level input connector for the GT-BassPro 12
True sound with deep bass... very good balance with bass getting more pronounced as you up the volume.
I have had several sets of nose headpohones and they are my favorite by all means but I am a little disappointed with the max volume. Beats volume can turn up so loud it hurts my ears . But I wouldn’t trade these for theam as the clearing is way better in my opinion.
I bought these one week ago and I am verry happy about it. I placed them in my bedroom. What a sound! Great Bass... Sounds very clear and good detail. Thank You!
I bought this it came out for 2 months. The battery was so long, and the song quality is super enjoying. excellent noise cancelling for traveling and other uses.
Really easy to use - just charge them up and then sync them with your device. Light weight and easy to transport when you’re on the go. I would definitely recommend this to anyone with kids who use tablets.
I have only had these for a few weeks but the sounds is good.  My only concern is the covering on the ear pads.  Seems a little lightweight and don't know how long they will last.
I bought this as a birthday present for a friend. She loves it. Called me using he speakerphone function today and told me how much she loves it. Sound quality was good for the call. Nailed it.
I bought this Subwoofer about  2 weeks and half ago.  I am extremely happy with the sound.  Also, this Subwoofer was on sale, so I liked the price as well.
Hi ...I bought my Bose a few months ago and I couldn't be happier !! The sound this system lets out is amazingly incredible !!  The Bluetooth feature is a definite must !!  Sync's easily with my Spotify.  Absolutely worth the investment ! Thanks Bose !  : )
I bought these the first time i saw the available date. Im a prime member on Amazon so i ordered them and have been happy with them ever since. I bought the accompanying case that has easy recharging also. Super easy to use with the app on my iPhone. Gonna be a Bose customer for life.
I'LL GIVE THIS PSW125 TOP NOTCH. GOT THIS ON SALE ONLY LESS $49.99 AT BEST BUY AND THAT WAS A STEAL. ALREADY UNDER-PRICED BUT WHAT A PERFORMANCE. GOT THIS A YEAR AGO AND STILL DOING WHAT ITS SUPPOSED TO DO. BOOOOOOMMMMMED AND BOOOOMMMMED......
A big fat yes.I own the first solo system.I give a rateing of very good. The new solo15 I rate outstanding. It has a wider sound scape and better bass,than the original solo.I have heard many one box systems and it is one of the best.Give it a try.
I tried this soundtouch 10 nice speaker but it is really need to find a powerplug not recomended to out of town... I need to use again my soundlink mini....
I bought these on sale about 4 years ago, after upgrading twice before, I thought why not just get the very best. As this is how I listen to all my music, it replaced my old stereo. I would buy them again, they are worth it.
Our son bought this for us for Christmas. We cannot believe the quality of sound! It seems we are sitting in an actual movie theater! Cannot wait to watch the big game sunday night against the Giants! Go Birds!!
I bought this headphone today, I didn't think 30$ headphone soundsch very good. To my surprise, it is very good to hear, soft on ears and good fit.  Cord is thin and tangling very quickly, if it is tangle free, it would be too good.   Overall I'm a 100% satisfied.
I have been a Bose customer since my QC2 which came out over a decade ago. The boothtooth is amazing(No other headphones pair and stay paired so well). The battery life is fantastic. THEY TALK TO YOU. Not one complaint. Worth the money. My QC2's lasted forever and hopefully these do too.
If you use a TIVO connected to your TV, do NOT connect the optical connector to the back of your TV. This connector needs to go from the back of TIVO unit to the back of the BOSE unit. If you plug it in and do not get a red glow from the plug, it is not working.
Bought  the orange one first it exactly what I was looking for, so I bought 2 more in grey and blue to give as gifts, the sound quality is rich and full and has good battery life, and portable size makes it perfect for on the go.
Excellent, powerful speaker system in the make of the revolutionary Bose speakers 601 and 901 that still reverberates in sound systems today.
After listening to the speakers I was amazed of the sound that was produced. I am currently using them for my turntable and cassette player. This is a big upgrade for me (use to use $40 speakers). These speakers are great for the price.
wow what can i say i've always been the one bigger is better but these polk speakers has stopped me in my tracks you will not believe the sound these small speakers put out! i'm hooked for life thanks polk for such great speakers..
My second JBL subwoofer, first was a CSub50. The is a great refurbished value. Plenty of power and goes nice and low. Should make me a happy camper for a long time.
I was given one as a Christmas gift. My first wi-fi/blue tooth speaker. I gave one to my son as a gift. Over all sound is really excellent and the bass is also great.
Recently purchased for a large living room for AV.  Its the prime speaker system in a 5:1 configuration.  Musically accurate and efficient.  Like the solid construction and looks.
I was looking for something compact and Bluetooth capable to pair with my iPhone. I use it at work and on the road. Great battery life and surprisingly good sound for its size. Another great product from Bose.
I bought this yesterday and connect bluetooth with my Vivo v5 having a bluetooth version 4.0 The sound is unstable and got stuck frequently. Is this the problem between both (JBL GO 4.1 & My phone 4.0) the Bluetooth version?
Just loving it!! It is the best and now it has also received the JBL Connect+ software update. It sounds awesome feels awesome and dirability is just remarkable!
Battery life is amazing, but doesn't come with a Adapter. Was abit confused, comes with usb type C, but no adapter. Overall, good quality, good sound :)
I love how it looks and the sound of my music. I hate that it isn't wireless and I have to remove my phone case every time I use it. I wish that they had thought this through a little better, I thought I could have used this in my car since my speakers are busted.
I fully enjoyed using these to listen to my music, I heard every single sound and it was intense quality. The headphones and control were easy to use and the ear plugs fit snug and are the comfiest iv tried too
Great price for this terrific headphone. The reason for not getting 5 stars is because 1 week after I bought this the price dropped to 1/2 of what I paid for.
Fantastic sound, far better than I’d anticipated. Thanks Mr Bose Man another happy customer. Merry Christmas to you All
Awesome sounding speakers!! TV and movies has not been same since I bought these speakers...Hooked up in basement to my Yamaha AVR and 52" LCD TV and its's just like being at the movie theater--except the sticky floors! Highly recommend!
I purchased a pair of these in addition to the LSi/ center, side and surround speakers, powered by a Denon AVR-4802R amp - all as part of a home audio/video system.   This is, without a doubt, the best sounding speaker system I have ever heard.
This thing rocks. Only one thing I could say is that when you turn it up really loud it gets a little distorted
I travel for a living, and these are the best portable speakers I've heard for the size, and it is such a tiny speaker I always throw it in my roller board always now. Thanks Bose!!
another fine polk product. Terrific build quality. Clear deep rich non-muddy bass. Looks great sounds better!
I bought this speaker couple of months ago and the sound quality is best and bass as well before i had a sound link colour that was good as well and i really like bose stuff.
Charges literally in ten minutes. Does not fall out when running/sweating, comfortable, great sound quality.
Been using for a month and absolutely satisfied. No more wifes snoring for me. I am back in the same room. These are a great product, comfy, easy to use, sleek design. Thanks for helping me feel normal again.
I bought this for my son for a christmas present...he had a pair of wireless but they broke a few months after using them... When i ordered these i thought they were wireless but they weren't...he still likes them
Well I was shopping around for some sounds for my Mac, well my search is over. When I saw that they were on sale made it even better. Great sound for the price and they look great.
Best purchase I've made from a retail store in a long time. I was hesitant due to price but it's been an awesome sub. Hit hard and loud when needed and the auto feature works perfect.
I went to a retailor intending to buy Infinity 6X9s..Until i heard these!!!They have amazing clarity of sound while being able to take as much power as you want to give them.  They sound even better on my VTX motorcycle!!! Oh yeah they are Marine grade :)
Had the speaker since Christmas and have had no problems at all. Absolute great product. Had a few Beats speakers in the past but they don't come close to the quality of Bose . I recommend this to everyone looking for a great speaker.
The Invoke is one of the best speakers of its kind I have ever heard. The shortcomings is with Cortana. Though Cortana is one of the best voice AI out there the associated software is weak with limited options compared to Alexa and Google.
These tower speakers are amazing. They have the best clarity and pureness of sound I have every heard in a consumer speaker thus far.
Happy I bought this but disappointed that it did not come with s plug!!  Only came with charging cable.
I am enjoying putting this system on when I watch movies or play games. My daughter is able to enjoy it as well as it doesn't blast her out of the room but it makes her feel like she's at the theater
Bose have done great job !very nice headphone with excellent sound quality and comfortable with ears, not feeling much heavy while on ear.Bluetooth just works fine... without any issue.i have connected with apple and android device, work just on one click.i'll recommended this product !!!
Great quality sound, lightweight and easy to use right out of the box. The downside: when you walk, you can hear the "thump" through the headphones.
Just bought it a week ago. Tested for 1 week and on the speaker listening to music and sleep from 10.30pm till 7am, the consumption of battery is 10% per day.
I have been using these for a good chunk of time now and I have been overall happy my only problem is the ear muffs tend to break at the seam I stitched them 3 times and they are starting to discebtigrate other than that they are amazing headphones
I received my sample as part of The Review Club and it is amazing!  Base Soundlink Micro Bluetooth Speaker delivers quality sound in a small waterproof package. Perfect for any and all activity. I highly recommend it!
My son tried his friends & love them! They came highly recommended and were much less then other brands for the same product. Christmas present!
I've had my Bose Soundlink Mini for a year and it has impressed everyone of my friends that have heard the quality of sound this impressive powerful little speaker kicks out.
I have had my unit for twenty years now and it still works perfectly and gives fantastic sound. I recently had to purchase a new remote only because my Bichon puppy chewed my original remote.
All good except 1thing. Need to reduce the amount of ambient noise that is picked up by the mic during a call.
Really nice, I purchased this item in Nov 2012 and was able to also get the 5 disc cd player for free and I am really satisfied with the product. It is OVER PRICED. BOSE REALLY NEED TO LOWER THE PRICE. I WOULD PURCHASE ANOTHER ONE IF THE PRICE WAS LOWER.
Strong, distinct bass. No distortion at all at any volume level. As is with all Polk products the build quality is more tham impressive. Looks great piano black matches the LSI 15,s. Once more, thank you Polk audio!
this is one of the best speakers i have ever had. its small and portable but has great sound. also has good range. works great with my ipad.
These are the first speakers I have had to buy in years. So far they are living up to all my expectatins.
Overall these R10's are a geat addition to any surround sound center. They deliver sound that can not be matched by any speaker that is in this class. For a 100 watt speaker I challenge anyone to (of course depending on your budget) to find a speaker that will hold a candle to this little jewel.
I think find them to be awesome. Light weight, sounds great and looks like I’m some crazy ear pricing zoobobway Zulu on steroids cranking reps and crushing dreams.
I bought this at the beginning of my Spring Semester. It was a great product that is super easy to use and connect to and easy to carry around. Apart from being easy to Cathy around the sound is great! It definitely lit up my past semester with amazing music!
I have been looking for a system that will give me the same quality of the movie theater. This system is it. I love everything about this system. Easy steps up. I would definitely recommend this system to all of my friends
I was able to get this on special for $108 - shipped - so I am delighted with this product.  Not sure I would have paid the full, listed price of $355 for it, though.
I am an extremely satisfied customer of the QC25 and have been enjoying the quality music from this product for over 2.5 years. However looks like the cushion life is only about 2+ years as I see the cushion peeling off and splitting.
I picked this speaker system up at a Bose outlet in San Francisco in 2000 and attached it to a 200 CD turntable. The sound is incredibly clear, especially with "live" performances...no distortion, no fuzziness.
belive it or not i got the r40s for free and i couldn't be happier, i live in a 1 bdrm apt and they fill my place with beautiful and wonderful sound
We got a Bose Bluetooth speaker, sound good. Our family 3 of us have I phone 6+ but we can't pair all three phones. Only 2, was disappointed
I got this last year and it has worked great! it has been in my shop and can get very loud if you would like and the sawdust does not clog the speaker like other portable speakers. The bluetooth works very well.
I have looked for earbuds that don't fall out when I run and I found them. Sounds is good and they can handle the sweat.
I love this radio and the fact that I can use it as a DVD player also.  The documentation needs work and made me very frustrated trying to connect multiple devices that need s-video cable.
The sound is better than expected. Snug fit as well. I used them while doing yard work and they never came out of ear.
I found it as an excellent product and purchased. It is excellent to connect with hand held devices like phones and ipods.... and the sound quality is great...  I would like know that whether it can connected to personal computers or note books having Bluetooth facility...
only 500 watts RMS but if you build the right box they have very nice output! Have two of them in a shared chamber ported enclosure. Very accurate subs that would probably sound stellar in a sealed box, I just prefer the boom.
The sound is impeccable. Bass is top notch for the size of the speaker, clear sound and connects within seconds
I bought this direct from JBL as they offer DPD Tracking/Courier and if you sign up for newsletters before you purchase anything you should get a 10% discount code.   This protects my Pulse 2 really well. It's a hard shell and I'm sure it'll withstand my suitcase over the next few months.
I bought these earphones one month ago. They give me clear sound when I am in the GYM working out.  Money well spent
absolutly great. A sales person at another store was trying to talk me into buying eclipse speakers which is a nice speaker but my money limits demanded good sound at an affordable  price. so went looking. Cicuit city and was totally amased at the sound quality of theses, Just as good as eclipse.
I had a set of these for 3 days to demo and was blown away by the sound.  My full review is available in the Polk Forums (the link's at the top of the page).  Just look under "Speakers" for "[Review] LSiM 703 Review".  It's completely worth your while to find the thread and read it.
A perfect fit for Pulse 2 with high quality materials. I'd not consider alternatives, as this case not only complements the device in size, but design and quality as well. Highly recommended.
Overall great. Great sound quality. Fits my head and ears perfectly; So comfortable. Amazing noise cancellation. Free travel adapter and case with purchase.
The sound quality is second to none. The more I increased the volume the clearer the sound, it almost like you are in the Cinema.Very good and portable product.
I could not have asked for anything better .. Convertible owner and this is the BOMB !! Not only takes calls, gives directions and you can even listen from your device (road trips). I recommend to everyone !!
Jbl sent me these for a replacement on my S500 which had a wire problem. Love the sound with the rechargeable battery The headphone case is very difficult to arrange; trouble putting headphones away. That's why it's a 4 star not 5
Not too impressed with the tones for guitar. My BAT Pharaoh smokes this pedal. However, I can nail Discharge tone with this on bass. Killer for bass, I couldn't put the bass it down after trying it.
Great speakers, I think this is the best deal in the market. To me, they are the best speaker in the Rti mode from Polks.  In my bedromm sounds great.
The surround sound is excellent.  More sound in the rear that I have heard before.  I was amaze of the sound it produces.
Listening to Pandora now via iPhone and couldn't be happier. Easy set up. Set up 2 iPhones and an iPad to work with it. Great sound, even loud without any distortion. Highly recommend.
If your looking for a sleek aluminum body with great sound you should differently get the bose soundlink mini if its for indoor use or outdoors it packs great quality sound
My grandson got one for Christmas and as soon as l heard it I knew I needed one for myself. Warren Zevon sounds great on my JBL Clip.
The speakers sound great until i turn my pioneer head unit to about 40 when they start to distort when more bass punches. But for 6 1/2's they are great i have 1 in each door of my 1999 chevy blazer. All i need is an Amp for my woofers and ill let the speakers go vocal then they will be perfect.
I was blown away with the improved sound quality over my old earbuds, and these are so much more comfortable to wear. At this price I wish that I'd have ordered two so that I'll have a spare pair in case I lose these.
I use this in my car with my Nexus 5 every day to and from work and it is great. Sound is excellent, better than my car sound system. The battery lasts a week . I've never had issues with connecting Bluetooth devices to it .
If you run it at 3/4 to full volume battery only lasts for about 6 hours. I still comment to my wife how much I love it sounds great. Not slot of base but just right
Compact easy to use with great film and stills. Even a child could use it. Reasonably priced and fits nicely in a bag or handbag. Can capture those memories easily . Easy to follow instructions guide you through step by step
Purchased it using a gift card. Love the ease of setup. Able to stream music from our phones. Would recommend it to anyone
When wearing this headset you can not hear anything else, and the sound is really good. Of course they get quiet warm to wear after a long time because they are so close and do not let any air in.
Before I bought the SoundLink mini I looked on YouTube at the comparisons between other branded blue tooth speakers through my Bose Bluetooth headphones it sounded to good to be true . But the crisp sound and the lower base tones are phenomenal for the size of it .highly recommended
I actually work for a company that sells Polk Audio, and they are by far my first choice to show a customer,  and once the customer hears them they usually don't want to hear any other brands so keep up the good work, and I'll keep selling them
Awesome Sound and Great Comfort Perfectly fits the ear and no pain even after use of hour. Sound quality is very good. Perfect choice for music lovers.
It's amazing how a little speaker can put out so much sound from a mobile my tablet leave it to Bose's, you guys are the best.
Bought these an year and a half ago and they did not break a sweat from preforming so well, even now.
I integrated these loudspeakers in my home-theatre: all perfect. Now I can listening music without sub too. -Bye fron Italy!
Perfect bass and sound and fits on your ears perfect. Amazing was going to buy beats by Dr.Dre. But im glad i picked JBL keep up the good work guys
Best headphones used to date. Excellent sound with a good distribution of the sound between right and left.
My 15 year old son put this on his Xmas list last minute. I ordered figuring it ma yor may not make it on time. BOOM! On time, great sound for a small, compact speaker. It ended up being one of his favorite gifts. I would HIGHLY recommend this.
everyone around me has bose outdoor speakers and when they heard my polk at my last party they could not believe how much better the polks sound. i also have lsi25 inside with the big center. running with a yamaha z-9 wow!!!
Cannot believe sound quality, setting up was a dream when I found a Laptop with the correct windows format.Once all up and running ease of use is so simple. Now connected to all iPhones and iPads the only problem I can see is another one may need to be purchased!! Superb!!
Design fits and stays in place during the whole workout. The sound quality is amazing which only Bose can produce. This product is a must for all activities!
I was looking for some rear speakers a had blown an omi speaker, saw these on amazon but JBL Harman were selling these cheaper
I was already familiar with this system (and other Bose systems) because a fellow musician whom I play with has one. After hearing how nice his system sounded I had to purchase one for myself. I'm happy I did and I enjoy the heck out of my L1 Model II w/B2 PA system!
You can't go wrong with any JBL sub. The best subs I've owned hands down. JBL kills the competition in every way.
Love, Love, LOVE these speakers! We received these speakers as a wedding gift and they are awesome! Whether plugging in or using bluetooth, these connected right and away and setup was a breeze! These babies have a great, crisp sound and are stylish to boot! Highly recommended!
Great noise cancelling, very comfortable never had anying thing like this, but compare to other heaphones not much bass or it cant be loud as other earphones
Well I just got my speakers and they are better than expected. Check out and Blue Ray movie and prepare to be blown away. My IPOD and Yahmaha AV works so well with these speakers. Now I'm ready to buy the TSI200 to complete my 7.1 home system.
I usually buy the sound blocking earphones, but these were such a bargain I couldn’t resist. Sound is incredible and they are very comfy.
So amazing! The quality exceeds expectations. Got this as a present and I am so happy with it. I play it at low and high volumes and at high volumes there is no sound distortion. Never bottoms out. Great bass. I would recommend it totally. I am a DJ and I always carry this speaker.
our 14 years old so told me:  easy ordering, quick shipment and good logistick. the best he said .....the sound !  no we grown up people have to be outside the house when he play.. :)
Just installed a couple of weeks ago, and I could not be more pleased. After well over 15 years of having the little Polk 5Jr's up front, I moved them to the back of the room, and the new RTi70's took their place. Could not have made a better choice at this price range. Wow! What a sound.
Top product from JBL again this is my second one, my other one has just gone to JBL heaven after years of Partying and heavy abuse.
I bought these earbuds 1 week ago and I was absolutely amazed with the sound quality and it fits very comfortably inside the ear for long listening periods. Hands down the best earbuds I’ve ever bought
B this knowing my previous Bose products impressed me and this no different. The bass comes out the lower back of the unit and you can enhance the great sound even more if you place the unit in a space that reflects the sound of the bass. I'm impressed!
Bought it to play music on the beach while on vacation. Well there was a lot of compliments and I noticed more and more chairs gathered around us. I only heard can you turn that up. Great quality and great price.
We thought we got the best speakers we could have gotten, the UE Booms, but then we bought this and it was so much better, very happy with this purchase. :)
i am so thankful that polk momo came out with a 4x6 it has really made my life easier in finding a good speaker
I like it. Does the job well. I've yet to encounter a jbl product that wasnt of at least decent quality.
after my dog eat the charging cable, I just ordered a new cable from e-bay and great its charging and they work great.
These are an upgrade from QC35 for me. I have the Bose app installed on my iPhone 7, Galaxy Note 7, iPad Pro & MacBook and switch between all regularly. Pairing is so easy with this app, it makes brilliant headphones stunning.
Great set, only problem is that they are so damn thick I had to get my whole door restructured just to get them to fit, and a friends door who had them also, but I love them nonetheless and wouldnt trade them in.
I got this speaker for my wife to use on her phone, we both love it, it has great sound quality. We tried all the other bluetooth speakers we could find and could not find another that would match the sound quality of this piece of equipment. For the price it has it's amazing!
For such a tiny speaker it has great sound and even some bass. Very impressed with the battery life. It ran for the full 5hours that it describes.
I purchased the Flip2 to use in my golf cart. Sound quality is amazing & output is so good I can only play music @ half volume without disturbing anyone! Will be on my Christmas present list for sure!! Thanks!!
i bought these a week ago and found that the over ear version of these sound much better they much more comfortable if you going to spend all this money spend it on the over ear do your self a favor, other than that these headphones are the best
Was looking for a good quality low priced headphones and these are perfect, there affordable and last for a long time and fit comfortably, also they don’t fall off your head easily. 10/10
I bought the sound link earphones for my 91 yr. old husband about a year ago.  He has totally enjoyed wearing them.  He just asked me how I could reattach on ear cushion.  The cushions don’t seem to be worn out.  Can you help me?
There are my first headphones that I've used. The sound quality is just outstanding.....  No words to explain the awesomeness of these headphones
Great for local sound. I was looking for something for talk radio, the SoundTouch® 10 performs the task well.
This is my 2nd JBL speaker and this is an upgrade from the flip. Good bass, clear sound, and loud. Also, splash resistant is a plus since you'll use this outside most of the time.
I buy nothing but Bose and this one have been so far the best ever yet. Better sound ,like having your own personal music  (On your shoulder) Went to the Bose store, to check out what was new. .   And saw them
I get my new JBL headphone, and it has so amazing noise, that I can not concentrate to my job just the music I listening.
I was given this speaker because of a family tradition, it was one of the presents I received.  I've had many speakers in the past and this is probably the best out of all of them, I love this speaker so much!
First things first, if you are looking for great noise cancellation headphones this is the one. But, I can't vouch for the sound quality as something light years ahead of competition, as a matter of fact the gap is shockingly narrow.
Absolutely love the sound on these. App is very user friendly. Only issues I have at all are the firmness of buttons.
Got these as a treat for myself while doing some out of town work.  The charger case is a great bonus. There simply amazing there great full sound and clear without being ear drum busting loud.
I had my Acoustic Wave for 3 years now and it still sound like it did from day 1. And with the 5-CD changer it ROCK all day long...
Set up was ok. Alittle lengthy but it works well once it's set up. Sound is excellent for such a small unit. People are constantly looking or asking where I put the subwoofer. Overall, I'm  very happy with this purchase. looking to buy another one. Or maybe 2.
I bought these to boost the output from my laptop and what a boost it was. The only thing I would change is adding a little longer pigtail which I have done already. Great little speakers.
Love the Soundsport earphones, they are so comfortable you forget you’re even wearing them and the sound is amazing with no distortion, the only thing i wasn’t fussed on was the volume buttons as they were a bit difficult to press but that’s a minor thing of a great product.
I just put these in my back doors to compliment my DXi6500, and let me just say its a perfect match. The highs and midbass are perfect for the rear passengers and the adapter plate was s perfect fit for my Nissan Murano.
I got this a week ago, and I love it so far. Share me feature is amazing, me and my girlfriend can listen to same song in headphones that's super. Amazing beats. Amazingly comfortable. Amazing fit. I love it.
My wife bought the Flip 2 for herself....I had to snag this little jewel. The sound quality is beyond what I expected out of a small package. You can crank it up and not hear any distortion.
I bought this for my office at work. It's perfect.  Sound quality is great -- soft or loud, it's all great quality. This was a great value for the money!
After posting a question on the Polk Forum as for which speaker to use as our rear center, the logical choice was the CS245i. The speaker blends right in with the RTi70's, CS400i and the f/x300i's. We are delighted with the overall performance and the cost is nominal.
Easy to link to iPad using Bluetooth. The sound is amazing,very portable too. Would not hesitate to recommend this product.
i really enjoy to buy this Sound touch for my room. its very clear n nice beats music system. i really satisfied with this product.
I am a very recent user of the Soundsport pulse but from the moment I powered on the device, I am in love-fantastic sound and overall comfort. I recommend highly.
The sound is good but I wish there was a remote to control the bass BUT ITS WORTH THE MONEY ITS BOSE WHAT DO YOU EXPECT
Bose is still best in the audio section and this device proves it once again. Connects seemlessly with all mac products..and then gives an amazing musical experience..i am loving it..
I bought this about a month ago and i am so happy that I did. I really enjoy listening to it as it can be heard over my entire home if I want.
What an innovation?! This cutting edge wearable is incredible. Everyday I come up with another use for this great device. Have to start buying them as gifts!
I bought this last month and i can feel and see the difference between the built in tv speaker! Its amazing the new bose sound bar!
fantastic sound quality and clarity, build quality, sounds good on any genre of music.buy without hesitation.
This is the best speakers I had so far.I connected my Laptop and to TV at same time.The sound more than I need :)
absolutely awesome!,this woofer rocks the house. absolutely best deal ever,looks great,easy setup and performs flawless with no distortion,  I highly recommend this woofer if your serious about sound quality.
I love this company and products. I have had a BOSE Wave for a few years as well as two tv sound systems. Had issues with separate CD Changer. BOSE customer service is unparalleled. Both times my unit was fixed even out of warranty. This senior citizen says THANK YOU BOSE!
Even though speakers like the Charge and Charge 2 and much better lower ranges due to their larger subwoofers, this speaker still impressed me with bothe the sound balance and it's volume.
This has a well rounded sound at any volume level and setup was a breeze. It amazes me that such a compact package can satisfy with so much ease!
I love my JBL flip 4! It has great sound and I love that it is waterproof. It doesn’t not die that quickly! The only thing i wish it had is a better connection. Whenever I walk into another room it starts disconnecting and sounding scratchy, but other than that, I love it!
In the beginning i thought custumer reviews can only be self-advertisement at Polk’s homepage. I’m disappointed positively. My RTi6 beggars B&W, JmLab, and Kef iQ3 which was RTi6’s biggest enemy in my esteem. I need hardly say that it was my best purchase over many years. Hats off to Polk’s crew!
i have used this mic with my canon camcorder to record lectures and it does an excellent job. sound quality is great. i highly recommend it
I have used my L1 compact for some time now and find it indispensable... I play the accordion playing the base though a midi and right hand through internal giving a fantastic sound... I just love the sound it makes...
Just bought today. Unbelievable sound. BT works flawlessly. I can go upstairs and leave my phone downstairs and it stays paired. YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, streaming tv.... No lag with video as others described...
Just got this a few days ago and I absolutely love it. Great design, compact and sleek but offers a punch of sound. This thing gets pretty loud and offers great bass! I ordered in white and it matches my MacBook perfectly (I'm weird about that stuff haha) LOVE IT
I am delighted with the sound system I purchased for my husband. The room is filled with an excellent cinema-style surround sound. Thanks to the keen and expert sales staff.
I listen to very "complex" Jazz; the highs-n-lows are really important...this speaker catches the full range. Add a remote and I'll buy another one.
Excellent quality unit, sound is crisp and clear on all levels with a superb bass line, fast bluetooth connection and very good battery life, very happy with my purchase!
Got it on release date and was not disappointed very great sound bass hits deep and low when it should clarity of vocals are amazing I might buy another one
I bought this about two weeks ago and it works exactly as I had hoped. Excellent for the price. Why spend more for noise cancellation if you mainly use it at home?  I do wish it had some padding in the top of the headband. That’s the only fault I can find with it!
This is fantastic, we took it on our weekend get away and was able to play in the hotel room. We took to a friends house and they were in disbelieve how this thing sounds. Very happy with it
I have had this for awhile and it still works great. It is easy to take with me wherever i go. Highly recommend!
Sound Quality is a lot better than expected in this tiny size. Baterry life excellent. So easy to use you don't need a manual just plug and use as a regular bluetooth device with no passcode.
Super comfortable and light weight and sporty looking. Works great at the gym. Able to leave phone in the locker unless I  go too far away. Large gym - so have to take it with me at times. But worth it.
Very impressed. Amazing sound, good bass for its size. High volume will easily fill a large room. Quality build - best Iv seen. Slick metal with quality rubber top and bottom. Easy set up. Best Bluetooth speaker I’ve seen for it size just a bit bigger then a standard coke can. Worth the price.
Bought a speaker of the "other" brand, which had uninspiring sound.  Took that back and got the JBL Xtreme 2 and was blown away!  LOUD and bassy, with excellent battery life, and so easy to use.  Well done JBL.! :)
For the price i expected a lot better as far as volume of the headset is concerned. they are very comfortable and does cancel a lot of exterior noise out but they are not as loud as i expected the cheaper version of these are actually louder in my opinion.
I am overall pretty happy with these Soho Wireless headphones... Only issue is, that it lacks low end (bass)..... Other than that I LOVE them
I have had this speaker for a while, and all I can say is that it produces very nice quality of music and can truely fill up a room. The Bluetooth works great. Zero complaints.
These earphones are not as sporty as the JBL Reflect Mini BT.  The Everest has a harder shiny plastic case for the controls vs the Reflect Mini is more softer. Sound quality is about the same for both and no deep bass, just okay.
Great set of headphones, love that they are Bluetooth and I don't be connected to a cord. Good bargain for JBL quality.
I got this and it's just amazing for everything i do it is the most perfect headphones i'va ever had.
I love everything about this speaker the only thing is it's not charging anymore. I bought another charger and still nothing.
These subs are nasty! I have 3, 2 in a ported box in my car and 1sealed in the fianc?'s car. Absolutely pound, I have them hooked up run to 1 ohm pushing 700 rms together, I can't turn them up too loud or I wake up the neighbors.
Hi, I bought this a month ago, and it truly impress me in sound stage and detail resolution, along with smooth punchy non-bloated bass, it has silky smooth high, airy, best female vocal reproduction. I am happy with it. - Great job, AKG.
Used primarily for Audio-books in bed to get rid of the speaker wires. It is fantastic. For its size the sound is truly pleasant. The price of course makes it so,
I've had these for a few months and I'm really glad I bought them. The sound is balanced with really good fidelity, battery life is very good and they're comfortable.  I highly recommend them.
this sub-woofer has good performance for its value. hits hard but my be a little under powered. which is why i ordered another one to solve that issue. waiting for it to arrive and once i get it set up i will do a followup review
I love it coz of its comfort and it never fell. I bought a second one for my wife as she like it too.
LOUD LOUD LOUD AND CLEAN AS A WHISTLE. SO CLEAR . I HAVE A OLD RELIABLE PRO LOGIC (HAD THIS PUPPY FOR NEARLY TEN YEARS) AMP BRIDGE PUMPING JUST 600 WATTS AND MAN OH MAN DOES THING KICK.  UNBELIEVABLE LOVE IT. BETTER THAN MY MTX SUB BY FAR.
This product is great with any type of workout. The only feature it's missing is to skip to the next song.
The noise cancellation is beyond belief, as for comfort, it's so light you probably wouldn't know you're wearing a headphone and could easily be worn for hours!!!
bought it on sale for 55$ its so good i wish i bought a second one so i could have two different angles of music. I highly recommend this product
This little sub bumps really good! I would recommend this product to anyone on a budget looking for a good sub woofer. Jbl products are excellent quality and performance.
Bought this several months ago. Love the sound and bluetooth. However, it has stopped charging. I have tried 3 different chargers, but had no luck with any of them. What can I do to fix this?
It is odd that Bose that makes excellent wireless headphones and they do not connect to the Soundtouch IV. I just don't understand it.  What gives Bose??
I purchased two of these, one for a gift and one for me! The gift was met with rave reviews from someone with very discriminating (translated snobby) taste when it comes to sound quality. Perfect for home, office, travel. I'm thrilled with the JBL Go! Wish I had purchased more!
Amazing sound, as good if not better quality than a hifi system and very loud. Also good for portability and good battery life
These speakers at the best in the market..These Polks put out clean, clear, hard BASS!!!!!..Along with my 12 ich woofers in my Civic....My Honda HITS HARD...Anyone out there who plans to purcahse speakers....BUY POLK.....
I think it's only fair that when compairing speakers one should categorize it based on price. And theses speakers, for the price, sounds excellent.
I bought this used from a friend for 10 years ago (2008) and have used it in all my cars since. Yesterday i installed in my newest car, and it still works perfect! Great bass, great quality. 5/5
Great quality, battery life lasts long. Bluetooth connection is awesome, you can be about 15-25 feet from your phone and the music will still be playing. Comfortable and easy to carry
I agree with most owners about the sound,and ease of use with this model. My only reservation is the lack of an st card slot....then it gets five stars!
One of my sleep bud had a charging issue and the Bose people went above and beyond sending me a replacement.  I am always impressed when excellent service combines with what I think is an excellent product. Thanks.
I use these for the gym and runs all the time. Really good at staying in even if you're doing squats/burpees/sprinting. Although they are a bit larger than you might want they have amazing sound quality so it makes up for it.   Would reccomend!
I have never connected with computer since i bought, i connected with smart devices, i felt excited when music came out from the pebbles , tight sound and rich bass ,good stereo image , small size but big&great sound
The first one went to our business, the new one we will use outside by a fire and by & on our boat,(since our boat stereo is not WiFi)
This item is very compile tart to my flat screen. The sound is an upgrade from the speakers in my tv. I am happy with the product.
had them for a few hours and there making a fuzzy noise don't know if its my receiver or the speakers
It was awesome until I played 528hz tone for several hours. It got really warm. The next day any bass causes to speakers to distort. I think the voice coils melted. Not sure if this is what to expect from playing single frequencies. Going to try an xtreme and just not turn the volume all the way up.
Love the headphones and their audio quality. Would be a five except for a few things: Limited Android controls for the price I would expect to have the same functions as Apple. Also noise reduction allows too much high pitched noise in like baby crying on plane.
although it is small there is a lot of sound although not a far range for bluetooth but may just be my phone! holds up with battery although i never know when its fully charged
After ordering, I was worried that on-year would be uncomfortable. But it was an unnecessary worry. The fit of this headphone was very comfortable. Easy pairing and well tuned sound were the best for outdoor use. This headphone gave me confidence in JBL's products.
I have had these for twenty years and they have been great. Extremely durable and nice, clean sound.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend, we take it to the beach every weekend, use it on picnics, and for nights hanging out with friends, and on the boat, the speaker packs a punch and is able to fill a room with incredible sound, perfect for an active lifestyle!
The Blume so many of the “cheaper” adaptors on Amazon or eBay (that actually cost more) these Bose adaptors never crackle or hiss and attenuate the sound perfectly
Pounds great...bought 2 db 12's and the polk audio ported box. Hits the notes pretty good looks great also.
This is not a large speaker but the sound that comes out of it is amazing. Has good bass and easy to use.
I bought this to use for bass but it’s not my cup of tea however it's a great pedal because each knob has a frequency adjustment below so you can really fine tune the amount of treble, bass, mids & fuzz.
I bought my mother this radio 3 years ago. She has had NO problems with the radio or the CD player. She keeps it on 24 hours a day 7 days a week and has had NO problem what so ever. She says that this is the absolute best present she has ever gotten.... Hats off to Bose!!!!
Bought 1 week ago for sons birthday and depending on how you turn the cable depends on which side you hear music.  Cannot hear sound out of both ears.  Very disappointing.
I bought the xtreme about a month ago. I am very pleased with it as it has a very good amount of bass and also treble. The only thing with the xtreme that i want is more colour variation, But still am very pleased with it
My cousin gave me one of these for my birthday and it is like have a complete symphony in my hand! I love it and had to buy one for him, since he didn't have one himself. He loves it too!
product is good   good sound good colors looks durable gave to granddaughters they enjoyed them     however order  messed up messed up
I bought the product a few months ago and I have to say that these are the best headphones I ever had
Great sound for the price and easy installation.  You can easily do all your surround sound speakers using these Polks.
Just got these yesterday and I really like them. They have great sound quality, superb noise cancellation, and are really comftorable.
I commute 1.5 hours to my gf's which leaves my ears buzzing from constant wind noise as well as my bikes exhaust / pipes. These saved my hearing!
I purchased this speaker for my son for Christmas. He loves it and takes it everywhere.  Great sound and easy portability with case. Nice compact speaker with high output.  No issues with connectivity.
These headphones are amazing! I hear words and music I have never heard before. Bose has another winner. My only issue is the neck band tends move. They are extremely comfortable and after awhile you don't realize it's their.
My partner brought these about a month age and they has changed the way she goes to sleep. They have helped her to fall asleep quicker & longer. Thoroughly recommend this product. Only thing is the ear buds need a few inbetween sizes to guarentee a good comfortable & snug fit.
I love love love this, the sound is crystal clear, it is so easy to use, love listen to music while doing anything around the house, this is a must have for any home.
I loved it so much i bought my two daughters one and also my son inlaw and we're all very happy with the sound and value
Have had this for a while. Gives great sound for TV, and bluetooth connection for wireless devices and playing music is sensational. I can almost get rid of my stereo amplifier and speakers!
Great product, but super easy to damage. Also unable to order it in online ( at least in India ) Fix it Bose !
I got this for a birthday present and I am pleased with the sound quality. My old Bluetooth speaker would fade in and out and this thing does not!  I can walk upstairs with my device and music keeps going in our old house. The range and quality are surprising!
I bought this sub to go with my KEF Q70's. It blends perfect. I was stunned when I saw the price, $149 at Circuit City. Very good looking speaker also. I listened to the 10 inch and the 12 and in my opinion the 10 sounded much better.
Great speaker.  Cool light effects.  Not sure that the color camera is all that great but I love this speaker!!
I have had this center channel for about a year and a half and it is absolutely amazing!  It has been put through the test with hundreds of movies and tons of music.  Along with all my other polk speakers, POLK builds great products.
I use these for audio for exercise videos or games. They sound good especially considering what I paid. I bough refurbished and have observed no flaws. Some people get annoyed with a power saving mode but I always power off when done so haven't even seen this in action.
I have had this mic for about 4 years now and it is wonderful. I originally went to buy a Shure, and the salesman advised I check this one out. I was convinced this is the better one.
I have had this subwoofer for a month or so and it proved to be a great buy especially at $199. I have an older JBL 12" sub that lasted 10 years.
I recently purchased 2 sets of the Polk MOMO 5x7s for my Ford Ranger and i put them on a Precision Power 4 channel amplifier and man do they sound great. If you would like a comparsion, these speakers overwhelm my bass and i have 4 12 inch Kicker CVR's. They are that loud.
This is a fabulous speaker. I was able to get a pair on Newegg for $100 shipped last year. Glad I did as Newegg shows them discontinued now.
I just bought this yesterday, from my walk into the Bose store to make this purchase, and been listing to it all day! ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW!! What sound in my house. Trust me, if you are thinking of this purchase. Don't waste your time, buy it now! Nothing compares to Bose SoundLink Mini II
I bought this little  box  for my daughter.  I loved it so i bought one for ourselves Thes sound is amazing  An the price awesome Just cant be beat
I have been waiting for this day to come and here it is. Thank you Bose!!!!!! Bought these yesterday when they hit the store and they are everything I was expecting and then some. Very very comfortable and great sound. Bose has done it again!!!!!!
Everyone who has seen me using this has asked what brand and where I bought it from. The sound is crisp and the bass does not let up at full volume. Very impressive for a portable speaker.
I bought this speaker couple of weeks ago, and for the price I paid I was impress...Is not that loud but is very descent..
A superb piece of equipment, but why, for such an expensive item, does it not have a radio-controlled clock?
Very good little speaker with a great price!  You will be pleasantly surprised with how loud and clear this speaker is.
I bought these for Christmas and they are just fantastic. For the sale price, I paid it makes for an even more pleasurable experience. The speakers look and sound great, I'm very happy with the purchase.
I HAVE OWNED THESE FOR OVER 25 YEARS SDA SRS AND I STILL MAKE MY FRIENDS JEALOUS EVERYTIME  THEY HEAR THEM. OUTSTANDING AND MUSICAL.
I brought these around 1 to 2 months and I've never had earphones with such amazing sound quality. Very good bass, very loud and Bluetooth connects very easily. I use these at college, and when out and about. Would recommend 100%
When it comes to sound  JBL to me is the best.  The cinema sb350 is a good sound bar and the subwoofer is perfect.  So sound and and price is good.  My only problem is the remote control , for this price they need to upgrade. But if you looking for good sound you need to cinema sb350.
Have had them for 2 months and are really happy with the quietness of the noise cancellation. Sound from the TV 12 feet away is not noticeable while reading a textbook.
These came about a week ago and I have used them quite a bit. The sound is awesome and the fit is even better with the different size of your pieces that are provided. Great job again bows! I have owned a Bose wave radio alarm clock for over 20 years and it has never failed me
Overall they sound really good, I like the dual tweeters. 4 stars because the subwoofers are only 7 inches, you would think after charging 500 bucks for a pair of speakers they would be labeled correctly.
After unboxing and using nesr instantly out of the box, I was stunned by the quality of the headset, audio and comfort of the QC35. I will never go back to mobile included ear-buds after this!
I have had the Bose SoundTouch for 3 weeks  and am  delighted with it, very easy to set up, great looks and fantastic sound.   It has been used with films, Gaming and music streaming and it never fails to deliver.  5 Stars from me absolutely love it.
I have had this speaker for about two weeks now (reviewing for a product-review company), and it is marvelous! The Connect app is a great add-on, and the speaker itself is wonderful. The sound is Bose quality, the portability is awesome, and I LOVE the water-resistance. Would definitely recommend!
Recently purchase from amazon i am still wondering how these pair of headphones are able to block amount of noise seriously.Hats off to Bose team Keep inventing and delighting us.
got these as a gift for myself  I work long hours and i've never found wireless that have a battery that will last long enough these fit the bill
It brought new sound to my old LP's. Very nice sound. Much better than my other cartridges in the same price range. 4 mv output is little to low for my vacuum tube amps, but volume control remedies that problem. Most I like about it is the very natural sound and that is what I bought it for.
BEST 8" FOR THE MONEY! I HAVE TWO IN A PORTED BOX IN MY SOUNDROOM AND THEY SURPRISE SOMEONE EVERYDAY. THIS SUB IS MY TURN TO PIECE FOR ANY QUALITY SYSTEM. AN UNBELIEVEABLE BUY. I HAVE INSTALLED THEM IN ALL COMMON CARS (CHEVY, FORD, DODGE.)
1 week into using these and they have revolutionized the quality of my sleep. I am sleeping better, longer and deeper than I have for years. Thank you for inventing these!
What a great sounding speaker! I have a fairly decent size yard and these fill it with high quality sound. Replaced a set of old in ground speakers that sounded good and with the 51's I just realized what i was missing
These are the clearest speakers ive ever heard,i have 55watts RMS going to them and i couldnt imagine putting anymore, because they are so loud and clear that it hurts.
I bought it a couple of days ago and I love it !! It has great sound for such a little speaker. It paired up to my I Pad and I Phone without any problems and so far so good. I am very happy with this speaker. I don't know why some people are leaving bad reviews !!
Great system, I got it to listen to music in my backyard while gardening. It delivers great sound every time. Love It !!!!
I purchased these speakers refurbished by Polk and they sound excellent and look like new. Very easy to install
We love this but is it normal that it came with the cable but not the charger?  Do we need to go out and buy the charger?
Amazing, HD sound! There have been occasions when I thought my headphones were unplugged because the audio sounded so crisp.
This headpfones are good, but the battery live is a little short. The soud is amazing and the noise cancelation are good.
Got this item for my wife for Christmas, this was the gift she loved the most, even over jewelry and clothes. Good battery life and great sound.
I bought this headset today and it makes work in the office so much better. The noise cancelling get’s rid of conversations and noises that can be distracting. The advanced features such as Google Assistant and notifications are a nice plus. These by far are the best headphones I have ever owned!
Love this speaker. It synced immediately with my IPod and IPhone and the sound is great. Beautiful sound and so portable.
Don't let the price intimidate you. While you may be able to find some competing brands...none will come close to the QC35s. They're powerful, classy, and effective. Bose always had a customer for life.
bought 1 last month so happy and bought 4 more. Play everywhere feature fills my home 1 acre with no sound distortion problems. BOSE is BOSS AND THE BOSS IS ALWAYS RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like this line and have 2 of the original JBL GO speakers as well as a new JBL GO 2. No place for a strap on GO2 and I actually think the original sounds better.  I am sure JBL GO 3 will have a strap in the box when it comes out.
i have purchased this speaker last wekend at premium sound of alpena michigan and i have to say this is the best speaker i have ever bought.
I've had these speakers for two years and they ROCK! Great highs, but my favorite thing about JBL speakers is the LOWS! Just wonderful response and clarity. We use them almost every day in the summer and most days in the winter. No rust on speaker grills or dry rotting to be seen. LOVE THEM!
IGOT MY HEADPHONES FOR CHRISTMAS, I WAS SO HAPPY WITH THE SOUND. I RIDE THE BUS TO WORK, AND NOISE CANCELLING WORKS SO GOOD. I LOVE MY HEADPHONES
Purchased a pair of these at Best Buy for fronts in a surround system and I was quite happy with the sound until I heard the Energy C-100s which blew the Polks clean slap azz out the room and I returned them for the Energy's and saved $80.
So happy with the new JBL Charge 3! The bass is a bit deeper than the Charge 2. Extremely satisfied ☺️
I use  this in preschool for music with 20 children — outside and in.  The sound has depth without distortion.  The volume is excellent!
I've been staying with this brand because I like the quality, especially for the price, haven't been able to find anything in this price range that I love as much as these.
I am happy who buy this sound bar because is very simple, small, best in sound quality and we haven't any camble in my living room.
I am so happy I bought 4 of these when they were on sale for 50% off as they are the BEST speakers I have ever had!!!  Top notch quality and such clarity, even when blasting super loud!!!
I bought one of the refurbished version one month ago. Everything works fine in the speaker but only when I connect it with AUX cable. The speaker doesn't sound good and the music is intermittent when played via bluetooth of my phone or laptop.
hooked up flawlessly.  Sound isn't as big as flip but love having USB charge option and pocket size.  The JBL logo is the most important thing to remind me why I have big vintage JBL speakers.  It works!
WOW, These are the best Polks ever. I installed two sets running off of a Phoenix Gold ZX450 in my 94 Chevy Camaro and they just rock!!!! They keep up with the KickerVR subs running in parallel at 2ohms connected to a Phoenix Gold ZX500 without even breathing hard. Great job
These are nifty headphones. My son has used them and enjoys them. I personally like the fact that they won’t go too loud and thus protect his hearing. Stickers are a nice idea. I would recommend this product
I got my amp to accompany my four polk audio db component system when hooking it up the wires are covred for a stelthy install. tuning the amp for the speakers was extreamly easy. the friggin things SCREAM with unbeliveable clearity. POLK AUDIO FOR LIFE!!!!
Amazing sound but that's to be expected from JBL. I find it handy to have around on my travels & the quality of sound delivered is great.
I purchased a used AT2020 USB, to set up a home studio. I record vocals and voice overs, and wanted a quality mic. I am totally impressed with the recordings I've made with this mic! Not only is it easy to set up and use, but the sound quality is excellent. Highly recommended!
Iam starting to build a home theatre system...Iam on a budget and with these RC60I's they fit perfectly in my budget and plans....The sound quality is great and the install was a piece of cake..A great sound in a little packeage....No disappointments!!!!
How JBL was able to get this level of base and not drown out the mid and highs is a testament to the quality of this product. Love it !
i have this center speaker set up with a b w center they sound great together,i also have it bi-wired .also have 890 floor standing they are great paired together.good buy
Great for just about anywhere and anything! I love this speaker it's super loud and has supper great base! I am so happy with my purchase! Definitely worth the money!!
I bought this as a Christmas gift and liked it so much that I want to buy another for myself. The price point is a little high but the sound quality is worth it.
I saw this amp on sale at Fry's.  I bought two.  Hooked up a Polk DB104 in bridged mode and it hits like a hammer.  Nice quality amp, and it was an absolute steal for the price.  I wish I'd bought four.
Outstanding! The Lsi9's rival the sound of our SDA-2's. Unbelieveable low end for such a small speaker. Probably the best bookshelf speaker you can buy at ANY price.
About 8 months ago, I purchased four of these as gifts and the feedback from the recipients was satisfying. Everyone, who received a JBL OnBeat Hotel, could not believe the quality of sound resonating from such a small set of speakers. Everyone should have one of these at their bedside!
I just purchased the Polk dxi400 4" speaker to replace the stock speakers in my 94' Toyota pickup. They sound very good if they aren't turned up to loud. They're alright though better then stock that's for sure.
I have 2 of these they are identical to jbl s3- 1224 which I have also. I like the bold coloring on the never model. Selecting between 2 and 4 ohm depends on your amp set up is great this sub is rated at 500watt rms. It will rock your world. I am running it with gtr1001 amp
Love the open environment engineering however if you cup your ears soooooo much sound is wasted due to the poorly directed speakers in front of ear lobes.  You should tweak that and If feasible combine bone induction on the temples and you Willl dominate the market at a price under 500
Knocked me on my ass when I heard the sound from theses babies.  Better than my wife overpriced Bose.  Solid good clear sound for my bedroom .Good separation of sound. Very Very happy as always with anything from Polk. Would have gave Five star but see my weakness for the reason.
I have been buying Bose for the past five years now, not the cheapest manufacturer but quality products. The 20i have fantastic sound quality, shame about the shortness of the lead connecting to your device a little costly but otherwise great.
The bose soundlink mini is great small but great sound and you can take it anywhere. But how do you know when it's at max volume? I would just like to say don't get the beats pill it's not very good.Which is strange for beats but bose is betterBut overall it's a great speaker.
This speaker makes my playlist come to life, each song lives large- at the beach, on the ski slope, when I’m camping; whether I’m flying over seas or driving across town - it’s coming with me
Was looking for a good quality/price bluetooth headset, Found it..  It is a JBL E45BT.  The controls on the side are easy to use and sound is excellent.
Bought the QC35s for a trip to Europe and truly worth it! Great for in flight entertainment and poolside chilling.
Good quality, weight and volume.  What I don't like is the design, because the cones on both sides appear unprotected.
this has bought happiness to me listening to music while studying and has bought  me comfort to my ears as i listen.
Saw it on the website on Thursday. Went to the Bose Store Friday and took the big guy home... Sounds goooood and its loud!!!
This is the second pair I have bought. The first ones I lent to my daughter and I did not have the heart to ask for them back. Every child can scream in the plane and I am in my own heaven.
A satisfied user here.. It's just that the shape of the 'headband' looks a little weird when extended. The extra cord was not expected but would surely help! :)
I bought this last year and it's pretty great. The only complaint that I have is that when people call me, it disconnects from my phone. Don't know if it's a bluetooth problem or the phone itself. Everything else is excellent. I love how fast it charges!
Received this as a gift and couldn't be happier. The huge sound that comes from it is amazing. The bass is especially good!
The sound quality is amazing, battery life is exceptional and the ability to charge the phone from the speaker is great
The sound system is great. The clarity and tone is amazing for this small speaker. This is my third purchase so family do not have to share.
Staitioned on a Naval Air Base I felt vibrating in the bench i was sitting, Looked up and saw 3 f-16s. Didnt hear a thing. Talk about drowning out the world.
I bought these after looking for some headphones for a while and did lots of research .. so glad I didn’t just take the easy option and go for beats. The sound quality is immense I’m delighted with them and a great price too
Just purchased on Black Friday, and it has been a great staple since. Great sound, and throw the strap on and just haul it around. It also works as the late night dance party around the campfire with the shoulder sling. Good charge time and good run time. Great purchase.
I brought this product just week back and installed in Bedroom with Dell HD LED monitor. It feels like Mini Home theatre now. Sound quality is incredible clear and particularly 'Dialogue' feature is perfect for watching serials.
I just installed these in the front doors of my 2005 Honda CR-V.  Crutchfield's web site says they will not fit, but the OEM speakers are 6-1/2" also.  Call their toll free number and tell the salesperson what you want and request a spacer set and the wiring harness.  Fits like a glove.
Installed these speakers in a 5.1 surround system with the 255c-LS center channel. The sound is crisp with great presence. The lows, midrange and highs are very pleasing to the ear both in movies and music.
I purchased this a few months ago and I LOVE IT! it's easy to use, has great sound (and bass) and fits in my purse for on the go music. I bring it everywhere with me.
The new designs of QC25 triple black special edition is amazing.....the faux leather coated around the head band is one of the improvement! good sounds, quite, comfort... good customer service ETC... 5 stars thumbs up!
Got this set for my 98 AUDI A6, its great the box matches my car, bass hits VERY HARD, i cant really look out my mirrors when im driving, but i must say POLK out done them self with these twin subs.
A very good center channel for the price. If you have the extra money buy the CSI-5.Very good voice reproduction.
I've had this product about a month and have used it a few times now. Not the best sound but not bad either. Fits and feels well in my ears and Bluetooth pairing and functionality is very good.
My husband bought these for me. He snores and wakes me up. I absolutely love these. I would give them 5 stars but I would like them to be able to connect with my phone. I fear I will miss emergency phone calls from my elderly mom and sick son.
I bought this primarily to be used as a phone headset and find that it's very comfortable with the bonus of outstanding sound when listening to music.  I have been a customer of Polk Audio for many years--their products are well made and packed with value for the dollar.   Highly recommended!
Let's keep this simple, this is better than the Bose soundlink 2 and UE Boom 2. For 150 pounds, this is the best you can get right now. I bought this 3 weeks ago, best investment!!! Well done JBL for blowing Bose and UE out of the water.
I loved it the moment i plugged it into my ears. I cant imagine how much i missed travelling without it. Don't hesitate to buy one
SB26 is a buy. It does have a flaw. Bluetooth can hook up from another household or your phone at nite. But the sound that comes from this pair is nothing short of mystical. It must burn in. And then you can’t believe it. Serves as a very good audio system with no wiring. Fabulous!
Have a sound touch 20 and added this one to my network. The sound is amazing and being able to sync both systems is awesome. Also makes for an excellent alarm clock.
great speakers for sound as well as looks. Big difference in sound between my old jmlab speakers. RM85 is much economical package than any other big brands. Kindly have an audition before wrong decission.
I bought this a few weeks ago to bring on construction sites (work) in a noisy environment it still sounds great not to mention everyone keeps asking me what type of speaker it is (brand) and where did I buy it so they could get one.  I will be buying another 1 in the near future.
So much better than the competitors that have the party feature.  Having two makes a great portable stereo.
The JBL Sport Wireless ear buds are some solid earphones. Nice balanced sound with deep bass. The only problem would be the comfort of the tips. I tried every size and it just wasn't working out so I switched the tips with the JBL reflect.  Other then that they work  great.
I use the ATH M50 in my home studio for tracking & some mixing when I need to check things closer than my studio monitors allow. The response of these headphones is pretty neutral which translates well for my mixes. Solid build & comfortable for long periods of use. Great product.
I bought this for a family Christmas gift. So far we are happy with the sound and looks of the unit. I would recommend this to anyone interested. Very easy fast set up very nice wall mounted bracket included.
Got mine last week and all i can say is "it's GREAT"...my battery lasted for more than 14 hours and it's worth the price.
BOUGHT THIS LAST NIGHT FROM BEST BUY, TRIED OUT OTHER BRANDS BUT FOR THE PRICE AND QUALITY, PERFECTION!! THE REMOTE IS A PIECE OF C**P, AND MOST LIKELY MY TWO YEAR OLD DAUGHTER WILL LOSE IT BUT FOR THE MOST PART IM IN LOVE WITH THIS SOUND BAR.
good bass in a sealed box built to the specs. i built a ported box to the specs and it sraight rattles although if you push a little harder with the ported it distorts but lonly slightly.  I can hit the highs and mids beautifuly and the lows are a bit hard to hit but when they do it is amazing
The speaker's were easy to install . Works good on my Harley 2012 Roadking. Ijust wish they were a little bit louder. the sound is very good though.
Hi I wonder if the R&D department are thinking of upgrading this system. About time to put bluethooh,soundtouch,digital radio in this wonderfull unit. Such a pity that we are missing all these things with this system. I bet this will get sales up at bose.
Great sound. Replaced my Sanyo speakers. Sub-Woofer rocks... Great buy for 499.99. Got a good deal for it.
Very impressed with the way they perform. Awesome sound, clear highs and strong Mids. Really love them
Holy sh**! This little speaker great. Clarity,powerful, battery life, and charger. Use for video games,music, movie. Totally unexpected when I brought it home.
I hinted that I wanted a bluetooth speaker (JBL) and got the Bose. Very pleased with the sound, look and durability.
I had my speaker probably about three years it had a charging problems twice out of those three years both times I sent it in the Bose and they completely rebuilt the speaker I definitely got my moneys out of it because I used it on a daily basis
Got this for Christmas and I use it every day, from getting ready for work and at my yoga class, I supply the sound.  Spa radio on Pandora.  Sound is great for any kind of music.
By far the best subs I've ever had.I went to a competition in the city I live in and with a kenwood 1100watt one channel amp i pulled out 145.9db in a 95' jeep cherokee.I used to be a kicker guy but with these subs around its more like kicker who.
This woofer is one of the best on the market. It has both great sound and appearance. Polk keep it up Mr.Polk and Staff.
I like these the best for the following  reasons: 1.best sound 2. comfortable  3. Noise cancellation  4. Less wires 5. you can wear them (they don't fall out like the sport)
i have had these head phones for half a year ,great sound ,loud and clean, good battery life and so far durable,
So far I'm very happy  with unit and features!! Clear, Crisp and Clarity...Despite what "You Tube" Reviews say That could be based on the First Version This is on The "Extreme 2".... Lets see what Happens with Battery Life....
I love this speaker cause it pounds and know one knows what it is its cool that people think its a piece of shit when they see it but when they hear it all perspectives have changed    I personally thank polk audio for making such a wonderful speaker
I bought these and continue to be happy with the sound - especially the stereo version through the JBL Connect App.
I received them for Christmas and put them in myself, took some work but it was easy enough. They sound really good and the tweeters fit in my stock position so that was a plus.
I received my SoundTrue Bose Headphones on Christmas Eve and they are simply amazing in terms of the overall design and sound. I own a pair of the SiE2i Sport earbuds and they sound great as well. These devices are very comfortable and produce nice bass and clear sound. I will always be a Bose Fan.
I am using the ATR-6550 with a Canon VIXIA HF R300 and getting room hiss and a low hum, even when sound is on auto.  Any suggestions?
Pricey - but I enjoy this radio more than I anticipated I would. Bluetooth performance is great. FM reception is outstanding. Because of its remote-controlled convenience, I use it more than any other music reproduction system in my home.
Makes carrying around the pulse much more convenient and i dont have to worry as much about when hauling around
Bought the MagniFi One on sale and it was extremely simple to get going. Simply plug 'n play via an optical cable. Bluetooth was simple also. Not quite as powerful as my mini Bose speaker, but still sounds good.
I received the system within two days of ordering. I downloaded the app to my iPhone and setup took no more than 10 minutes. The sound is amazing. I'm extremely happy with this purchase.
I bought this 1y ago and still play beauty, before I had the headphones from the competition, it's played a similar but crack and began to crackle
I highly recommend it, the sound is excellent, they are very beautiful and fit very well. only if you use them for more than an hour are a little uncomfortable in your ear
Worth every penny. It's everything I want, the sound system is very good for a such small thing and low cost. Totally worth it.
I got a pair for Christmas and I have to say they are pretty amazing. Sound quality is great and it's super comfortable to wear. I actually forget that I'm wearing them.
I used these to replace some HT155,s for a lounge.   So far they have been really great.  I love the magnetic covers.   So far everyone has been very happy with the sound.
Of course the sound and durability live up to Bose standards so no complaints there.  It is a good looking little speaker, but I would like to see the charging cradle in the grey/silver colour so that they match- it looks ridiculous sitting on a black charging dock!
just installed these babies... unexpected sound...just amazing..clear n loud...awesome Qulaity Product doesn't distort at-all..
amazing i have these in a 1998 maxima with a 4 channel mtx amp and a pioneer headunit and they sound amazing love these speakers
I was having trouble sleeping and waking up after 3 to 4 hours. Now after purchasing the Bose sleep buds I sleep comfortably all night.
This distortion pedal is different than most. The 3 band eq acts like multi band distortion. you can really customize it to your needs.
Mate of mine had one, loved the quality sound and build so got one myself.  Bonus is you can link each speaker together giving a right good sound outdoors.  already recommended to another friend.
Great bass and treble.  Very clear sound at the loudest level. Small powerful.  Water resistant  is great don't have to worry about in any condition. Definitely would buy again and recommended for sure.
Being quite a music fan, especially rap and hip hop, i was stunned by the sound quality and volume (!) that the charge 3 has. I litterally play it every morning when I cycle to lectures! definitely worth the price
Bought these a few days ago for work, I pick books filling orders all day and the wires always got in the way or weren't long enough and the sound wasn't that good, I'm all about the bass and the low frequencies on these are mindblowing
I own several charge 3 , and decided to jump up to the extreme. I am so happy I did they all link together and I feel like I'm at a concert the sound is unbelievable crisp clear and a great beat
I feel real lucky to have been able to purchase these 800i's (Cherry) for $200.00 each. I thank the Good Guys in Eugene,OR for closing out the Polk Brand for various reasons (they stated). I have longed for a pair of Polk and now that my dream came true I am over joyed with thier perfomance.
Owned these pups over 1 yr/ still sound lovely...............need not even crank to hear all of Ian Anderson........or Mazzie Starr!!!!!!!!!!!
great sounding speakers.center channel is on the money,the fronts & rears r awesome.have them in 15x15 room & they surely can handle more space than that.hooked them up to a onkyo705,movies&cd's sound great&they look good too.hey, go listen for yourself& you'll see what i mean.
I love this little speaker so far! I love that I can just throw it in my purse and take it with me anywhere! Also love how long the battery lasts! Also has a great sound for such a tiny speaker!
For its size, the best sounding bluetooth available. Unbelievable sound with colors that are soothing, vivid and in sync with music. I love it.
Excellent crystal clear sound in both directions. I spent a lot of time on the phone for work and for play and  I prefer wired headset because there is no battery to run out as it wireless sets. Very easy to carry in your pocket in the small pouch that comes with them.
Ive been using it for a month now and im in love with the base and you can download the app to personalize your speaker also.
These have lasted for 18 months using these daily for the gym and commute and even a marathon run. They have seen a lot of sweat, tears and I wouldn't hesitate to get a replacement.
Awesome $5 earbud. Took some time to learn how to use the twist lock. I should buy couple more pairs ...
I use these as a pair or rear surrounds, they are leaps and bounds better than my old sonys.  with a bob carver sunfire sub and jbl fronts these are exactly what i needed to finish things up in the back.
Have had this speaker for about a month now and have had no problems. I use it on the roof where I work and all my coworkers compliment me on the speaker and also want one. I’ve never had a problem with it dying quickly and the sound is fantastic.
This armband makes using my iphone on the go so easy. And its comfortable. I hardly even know its there....
I bought these the day they came out and i was instantly blown away. Better than any other truly wireless earphones ive ever tried.
Went to Best Buy to buy a Dre Beats Pill. But walked out with The BOSE Soundlink. There was no comparison in the two choices except for price. I LOVE THIS SPEAKER! Even bought my friends one for their wedding present. 5 STARS all the way around.
it is the BEST subwoofer i ever had! the sound of the bass is great with music and watching movies. i highly recommend this speaker.
G4IGD0  <a href="http://knckkprlvgdt.com/">knckkprlvgdt</a>, [url=http://bmybncloukle.com/]bmybncloukle[/url], [link=http://yenlhphzzzgj.com/]yenlhphzzzgj[/link], http://qbuzstzscjgo.com/
I bought this 2 yrs ago (second pair). Amazing sound, very comfortable. Need to improve the durability of the wires (which eventually break no matter how well looked after they are).
I gave a JBL speaet to my son for Christmas last year. He is away at college and loves to listen to music while he does school work. The speaker is duable, sounds great, and is compact enought to take anywhere. He loves it!
it tooka little time to get the tweeter pointed in just the right spot but when i did my ears literally jumed off my head and dry humped the dang thing.
I have two pairs of these. They are an amazing price for the sound they produce. You will not be disappointed with this purchase
I researched and this one came up with highest rate and positive reviews. I bought this for my partner and she loves it! It is very loud, clear, easy to use and works well with iPhone.. She is in love with this product.
I love the new looks, a definite step up from the previous version. I love the portabality with this sleek design. A nosie cancelling feature would have been truly aweosme.
I recieved these and first I listened to my audiobook great sound then while I was cleaning I used them to listen to music sound even better they are comfortable stayed in my ears which I usually have a problem with I will be using these all the time!
Just got mine yesterday, it was the last one they had. Sound great I don't why you would close this out
GREAT sound. Long time Bose fan, but have englightened.  These speakers are spectacular and sound great on my patio.  The base is solid and substantial, which is a typical weakness for this space.  You can feel the quality in the product and if it wears like I think it will, I'll be back for more...
I bought these because I dropped my Samsung AKG earbuds in water. The quality is not of that of the SAMSUNG AKG but still pretty good
I replaced two lx500 JBL speakers that were around 20 years old. I could not be more pleased with both sets they are great.
Had it for about 12 hrs and I'm an audiophile this thing rocks the sound quality is A1 thanks Bose nothing can compare love them so much I don't think I'll be using any of my headphones anytime soon
Just purchased, puts out a lot of sound for its size, bought on sale for $50 dollars, for that price it was a great deal, wish I bought 2
I bought this a year ago and I love this. I use this every where even while I am working out. It has outstanding battery life, crisp and clear sound, absolutely no match when it comes to noise cancelling and quickly gets charged. I would highly recommend this if you are in market to buy one.
The design is great. The weight is ok. The Bluetooth life is amazing! Could have a little bit more bass. Overall, this product is one of a kind,well worth it's price. Will recommend to anyone! Thank you guys so much. I received it as an early birthday present!! Thanks again!
I purchased these in 2009 and use them with my Mac.  Never had any issues.  Has excellent sound quality, with the "punch" to really fill a place with sound.  I would highly recommend these speakers to anyone.  BTW, because of their size, they are great for providing your sound at presentations.
I’ve had this speaker for a while now and I believe it’s the best out there for a great price it does just as well as the beats pill and for a way better price great sound and it can charge your phone!! Even waterproof!! I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a great affordable speaker!!
System works brilliantly combined with laptop and iTunes. Sound is much better than my previous hi-fi system which I thought was quite a good sepertate setup! Very easy to set up with wi-fi router and a pleasure to listen to.
Love these speakers! I can't keep the music down in my car. I am new to Polk and I am very satisfied with my purchase. Plus, they look great!
I have had many different sound systems thru the years but nothing compares to the sound of a BOSE. Like being on the front row at a concert. If you love music it is a must radio! No other music system compares.
i can not find out what the impedance rating is on this bass bin no matter where i try, somebody must know.
We bought this for our trailer back in October.  We now shuffle it between the trailer and home.   As others have said, it balances the tones beautifully.  Some of Bose speakers are a tad too heavy with the base, but this delivers base, treble, and the in between ranges in a well balanced mix.
Like most of the reviews, I have been trying lots of different earphones over the years, but quite simply these are the BEST I have ever tried,they fit perfectly in the ear are comfortable and the sound exceptional.
Great product, impressive sound and excellent value £££.Works seemlessly with iphone, pad and apple products but I cant seem to find the driver software for my PC, wont work .... any help greatly appreciated
It is huge one of the best sounding JBL speakers around!!  The only flaw is its multi connectivity feature.
This is a fantastic set of speakers. Decent bass, great midrange, and crisp highs. These seem to be far overlooked as far as components go which is ridiculous for how inexpensive they are
I bought this from an email I received for only $20.  For such a small, light little speaker, it sounds GREAT!  Highly recommended.
I love these speakers. I have 8 in my boat underneath the gunnel and are perfect. I have the size up from these on my house and dock. love these and recommend them
The price doesnt always determines the quality. The prices is really good. Only thing is that for me the device feels a bit to tight on my ears. After a while my ears need to breathe
Very happy with the sound of the speaker set up. They sound great for both movies and occasionally listing to music. The wall mounts took a bit to mount but the instructions were great on how to. Glad I purchased.
I bought 2 one at target the other on line. I've happy with the sound and comfort of mine the other was a gift for my daughter and she called and said she loved hers also
If anyone can find better headphones in the same price range I´d be surprised... I listen to all kinds of music and they never disappoint me...
It sounds great.  Need to keep device much closer than 30 feet.  I also have bose  301, bose outdoor speakers, wave radio /cd plsyer and audio wireless bluetooth.  Great product and customer service is very knowledgeable and if you have a problem, they will make it right.
I've just tried them, and they're awesome! Really comfortable and beautiful design. Combined with Spotify and its extreme-quality  audio, results a great experience.
just threw em in the front of my o5 sierra and i love my highs so they were everything i expected well worth the scratch but like the others said dont try to punch em too much mids and highs excellent!!!!!!
I bought this one today, a universal remote I can use with my Samsung Smart Tv, Xbox, and my Bose sound system,  just downloaded the app follow the steps :), Its a must for tech expert like me :)
I just received Soundsport free today , works well connected to my Asus phablet ,I can say perfect. But I have hard time to connect left side device in my Dell latitud  audio is only in the right side I will check what I am doing wrong .
I have only had mine a few days,  but so far I am very glad I have them. My partner has a horrible snoring problem,  and I was losing sleep every night.  So far these are working and I sleep soundly.
We bought this for our sons nursery when we noticed him stalking Elexa any time she lit up. We've ended up synching to pretty much everything in the house because the sound quality is great and the portability makes it a whole house tool.
This is the best Bose speaker so far, when matched with the Tonematch engine. The clarity and depth is beyond belief. you have to set up the tonematch right to get the best out of it.
Bought these bad black boys for my husband because I love my aqua ones for my little ears. Next best thing to my molded in-ears.
Very happy with the R30s. I compared them with the NS 7390 and decided to keep the R30s.  They sound great in our large bedroom.
I had these in my last house. I bought them to upgrade a 6.1 surround I already had. I purchased the TC80i for more bass than the 6" and BOY WAS I HAPPY!!! THese have alot of great mid tones along with directional tweet. no problem fitting between studs. Highly recommend.
This is my second pair of headphones from Bose and they just keep getting better and better. Best sounding headphones ever
I purchased this for a Father’s Day gift for my husband. He loves this little thing. It is mostly used for our camping trips and while he is outside washing vehicles are doing yard work. Big on sound and got a great price on it.
You wont believe its not a floor standing speaker! Amazing sound, but why isn't there a matching horizontal oriented center channel thats less than 16" wide? Why I ask, why?
I just bought this speaker and I didn't compare shop. I just went for it and I'm so glad I did. It's awesome for the size and the sound is great. You and your friends will be impressed. I got mine in orange cuz I don't like to follow the all-black-everything crowd.
march of 08 i whent out to look for some speakers i whent into furture shop and found a set, couldn't pass that up. hook them up wow they are geat nothing wrong with them couple makes on the side.
wow wow this is far the best of my other bose products the sound from this small speaker is massive wow wow
Since moved into a smaller home the old cumbersome stereo surround sound is too large to accommodate I totally like the Bose solo since then I have purchased the Bose headphones and the Bose Mini  I search the site often for new products. I also find the pricing of the products to be fair
I love how this sounds for its small size.  It fills a whole room with great music and no distortion. Ive have it for 1 month and   I haven't found anything to complain about yet
This little unit packs a punch. Used it all weekend and dust have to charge it. Rich and powerful sounds from a small package. Very please with my purchase.
Love the product but less impressed with ordering on line thru JBL web site. Was able to order same product thru different website without difficulty
Purchased my Soundlink mini from Currys. Connects easily to my ipod and iphone, sound quality is out of this world. Battery life is 2hours + depending on volume. Base is magic, just can't beat it!!
The module adds so much depth and demension to the sound the sound at 700 offers. The setup was simple and straightforward. I upgraded from the cinemate 120, which had issues with connectivity. Bose got it right this time around.
Great rack mount feature allows me to have 6 at the ready. (A.T. Says I'm good for up to 10.) great sound quality. One drawback is that I wish I could swap the capsules to benefit from the frequency response of other A.T. Microphone designs. Stil, this gets it done quite handily. Thanks guys!
If you are looking for a decent front speaker, then definitely go for it. When used in combination with a 440 rear Speaker, this product will surely amaze you. The best part is, the price is also quite affordable.
This is the best thing since sliced bread and appears to have the full JBL DNA in it.  A fan of JBL for 40 years.  Still own JBL L100 Studio Monitors.  Wonderful quality !
I recently ordered this item based off of the customers reviews and I'm glad I did. The connection was easy, not alot of wiring like my other surround sound systems and the performance exceeded my expectations. Clear sound, lots of base...great product. I would definitely recommend it.
I just bought two of the MM104's and have the C500s model polk amp is this going to be enough power for two of these subs? will it be under powered? can you do harm to the sub if its under powered? Sorry im just learning. cant wait to try them
Bought this speaker as I wanted something for the garden, the sound is exceptional for the size, highly reccomended. I did a lot of research and there is no one size fits all product on the market at the moment for under £350. This ticks most boxes, just wish it was multi-room.
The Charge 3 is top of the line for BT speakers on the market. The sound quality is awesome and the fact
I bought this as an upgrade from my definitive 600 8” sub.  And wow what a difference. This thing fills your room with clean bass. It even makes my audiophile surround friend jealous.
I'm very impressed with the sound quality of these speakers. The highs are just "very detailed" at low volumes. The bass and the mids come in so nicely. My speakers are in the upstairs bedroom I could feel the bass vibration in my solid oak desk on the 2nd floor of my house. Highly Recommended!!
It will be a XMas present for a young woman. Just checked the sound and re-packaged. Surprisingly good sound, easy connection to iPhone and a cool design for a reasonable price. Good for a dorm room, bedroom or any small to medium size place.
Eu tenho um par de m40 e CS1, são fantasticas, tanto no audio como no visual e acabamento, reproduzem instrumentos e vozes como nenhuma outra caixa acustica consegue,ouço jazz e instrumental e elas me fazem muito feliz.Tank you Mr.Polk.
This is such a great sounding unit I'am using mostly Apple Air-Play and the details of the music beats my two speaker and sub system. It is like rediscovering my music collection and hearing details In the music I have been missing.
I bought this because I needed something small and portable and I was hoping the sound would still be good....AND it is! My son has the slightly bigger Clip and that sounds amazing so I thought I'd give the Micro a shot. Definitely a top ten purchase. (Plus I got it on sale through JBL direct)
I purchased this as a gift for my husband. I t has great sound and just the right amount of bass. Remarkably convenient size. I'mean buying at least 3 more - 1 for me and 2 for gifts.
Great Speakers, punchy bass and highs are crisp even at very loud volumes (which are obtainable with AND without an amp)
Also speakers loadest that i can find in stores with clairty. Of course theres is loader sets but for $300 that price is just untouchable
I have enjoyed the Bose product line for over 40 years. This was my latest purchase and it meets all the expectations you demand of this brand. Worth the cost light weight to wear all day.
My son got these for Christmas and I use them some. The headphones have great quality but the end of the cable that plugs into the device is not durable. While my son was plugging the end into his device the cable end bent slightly and now will only produce sound when you move around the plug.
The Bose QC 25 are the most comfortable pair of headphone and the active noise consolation is like nothing else. I would recommend these headphones
Bought this for my 2 younger sons in college for Christmas. They started using them immediately. Love it. And because they are active , they feel its perfect. Already used at a gathering of friends who were impressed with the sound
Had mine from new in 1995. Still sensational after all these years. They were expensive but worth the price
So easy to set up.  The universal remote has replaced 4 others.  Great to listen to music whilst watching less interesting programmes.  Sound quality is stunning for the size of unit.
They are great headphones, you can hear calls clearly and the music is great. They really comfortable too.
I got these a week ago and I can't be more thrilled with them.  The noise canceling is sweet and the sound quality is great.  The "low" setting on the noise canceling is perfect for windy days in the Midwest.  The earpieces are so comfy also.
I have 60 series monitors and they sound great. I had in in wall speaker system that cost thousands and these monitors just sound better. These take up a little space but I would buy them again. I have a cs10 center speaker, I hear things in blu rays movies I did not before..
Just bought Bose 35 headphones and the first thing I noticed is they don't go small enough for my head.
they are small enough for sattellitle speakers and sound really good.The price is good and the quality is on.I especially like all the mounting options,shows someone is on the ball.I would buy these again in a minute.
I should have replaced the original speakers when I bought the truck but I didn't. So now, the JBL P662's are in my truck and I love the crisp, distinct, clarity of the sound! You won't go wrong in a purchase of these speakers.
I bought the original bose when they came out and now they are in wave 3. The one I own for almost 20 yrs and have been very happy with it. Now it finally broke about a month ago and now I'm looking forward to replace it. 2 thumbs up for bose.
Excellent headphones for my three year old to use with his iPad when travelling. Well padded, comfortable and easy to adjust. He should get a good few years use out of them. Good value for money. He loves the bright colours.
i compared them against the pre sonus HD7 and this AKG´s where waaaaay much better in basses, and with an audio interface they sound amazing.
I can't fault this headset (except the head band could be comfier) Its perfectly designed right through the the swivel ear cups.  Fantastic headset. Keep these going Bose. I know everything is going wireless, but i like a wired option.
Great speakers. After all these years the Polk 10B still sounds great and the cones are awesome - they don't dry our like most of those others during the time period!
I use this subwoofer with my onkyo receiver in my home theater room, and it delivers really deep, powerful and clear bass! Anyone who has lots of money and wants to buy a subwoofer i would recommend this subwoofer to you!
Bought a set 5 days ago to combat partner snoring and other background radio noise. They worked a treat straight out of the box. Comfortable and effective, highly recommended!
These are fantastic! I bought 2 for my girls and these are clearly the best sounding headphones yet. Try them you wont be disappointed. Quality product just like I expect fro JBL.
These are, by far, the best sounding surround speakers I have ever owned or used.  Extremely clean and dynamic sounding.  I am very pleased that I have purchased them.
I'm very pleased with my purchase. The sound quality is great. They are a good compliment to my surround sound system, and were priced well.
I've had it for a couple months and I'm more than happy with it. I've yet to have a problem, it's really easy to use and is really well made. The sound quality is perfect I really am just in love with it.
This is a pretty cool set of headphones. The best feature are they easy to find volume control buttons. The case included has vented slots to help dry off your equipment between workouts. As you'd expect, the sound is phenomenal. Great futuristic look.
My husband bought these for my birthday and I love them!  They are amazing and I love the sound selection!  Highly recommend if you are married to a snoring bear!
I bought these for a trip and they were great!! I did have an issue with the charging case after 3 months in which I contacted Bose and they replaced them. THANK YOU BOSE!!!  The sleep buds are great and I sleep fantastic with them.  Keep making great products Bose
This is the best accessory i got for my Cinemate 130. Really, feels good to hear loss less audio streaming capability wirelessly. Got the best deal for my buck for the soundtouch adapter series 1 for $19.99 @ bestbuy. Thank you Bose!!!
Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic FantasticFantastic Fantastic
Great package with impressive clarity, especially vocals, and excellent battery life. Best bluetooth speaker out there of this size.
Set these bad boys up and was blown away by how great they sounded! Great JBL bass from the 8 inch drivers, sweet midrange/ high end horn. Bought these in December for Christmas. Delivered within a week. Super price!
For the low price, this is an excellent quality cartridge. Using the same turntable and tonearm to compare, the CN5625AL has comparable quality to my AKG P15.
Better than Beats.Period. Have never seen better earphones for such an amazing and reasonable price!!!
if perfect with my setup. tsi300, tsi100s cs10. the fit and finish is perfect. love this sub. now i just need to get one more for 7.2
This is a very nice Hands-free device. The speaker is very nice to have on a picnic etc. Seems well built. I have it on my visor often though the one listening cannot hear me well. Where are the microphone holes ? I HAD 3 MOTOROLA ROADSTER 3'S ALL JUNK THIS IS 300% better.
Outstanding speakers!!  I am very happy that I added these speakers to my rig, it gave life to my system.
Bought two of these. Sound is great! Put it on the back of the boat while beached and was plenty loud. Bluetooth works very well between each unit.
Great warm sound. Silk tweeter is smooth and accurate. Sound is definitely not muddy. A prefer a flat response and the r20's deliver.
Pro: sound quality, noise canceling, comfort Cons: None Great in the office, half the time I have them on I'm not even playing music.  Silences all of the annoying sounds of being in a cubicle and allows me to focus.  ...and the freedom of no wires is liberating.
I was on the test group. AMAZING!! Some of the best nights sleep I've had in a long time. Highly recommended.
I've had this for over a year now. The sound is INCREDIBLE! It sounds like a speaker many times it's size. I wouldn't even consider buying anything else. Thank you Bose!!!
I bought a pair for my girlfriend for Xmas, I tried them on and had to get muse some. Best sounding true wireless headphones. And easy to set up to your phone.
I received this for my birthday mid-july. I have dropped it, no scratches. I have had it at the beach and by pools and there is absolutely no damage. Very loud even at half volume. Love the colorful display, my favorite is the rainbow. I would 100% recommend purchasing this.
1st pair of wireless ( due to phone upgrade to iphone 8+) & what a difference in sound quality with these headphones ! Dead easy to pair up with my I-phone, i-pad and windows 10 desktop pc ! A great purchase ! Would recommend !
I recieved this as a birthday gift and by the rating I gave it, It's obvious I loved it. The speaker is rather tough and not easy to damage by accident. Its sound is rather  powerfull and so is the battery life.
Could you please let us know Power Rating of the Sound System. Either 110V/230V ? Is it required any power adapter for 230V ?  Please let us know.
This became a speaker of choice for me since my friend introduced me to the brand!!Amazing built and sound quality!
I bought this earbuds one month ago, and it never fall of my ears. But enhancers are too larger for me. Not to mention the other the way more larger. Its supposed to be have smaller enhancers in the box.
Bought this as I found out it was waterproof and after reading great reviews. I wasn't disappointed, its a fantastic sounding speaker. I take it out to my deck during cookouts and love it.
There earbuds not only lock into my ears better than any other but they have the richness of mids and lows that JBL is known for.  Great product at a great price.
This small box pumps out an amazing sound in a tough & durable unit. It's just the right size for traveling anywhere and still maintains that big Bose sound and quality you expect.
buy them a few months ago , I have flights until 7 hours, and flight With a20 is totally different, calmer , less stress and very comfortable
Had an issue with a my headphones, called customer service, problem was resolved quickly with no hassle. JBL has secured a customer for life! Tell Albert great work.
Very fine sound and clear.Has good features.Can use a Charger.Not Excessively haeavy.Extremely well built.I would recommend it.
Doesn't sound bad. Fills up a room pretty well without being too loud. Could use just a little more bass.
Sounds great and everything but the last one I had I last it 7 years this one just lasted 2 years it keeps turning off
I purchased these head phones 3 weeks ago and love them. They have great sound and are easy to use and connect. I highly recommend these.
I bought my xtreme over a year ago and its by far the best on the market. I love music and listen to it all the time. I've had other large bluetooth systems and none even come close to the quality of sound the extreme produces.
I always wanted, and I got it for 60 dl and free shipping in cyber Monday, very good sound laud also  It was a good choice
Its amazing headphone, powerful bass with good clarity but its made my head dizzy if I wear it in long time...its too tight to my head... By the way...its sound quality is great and good. I love AKG
I got it on 08-04-2013 and noise cancellation quality is excellent.. even in subways u gonna feel like you are at your home and you're listening your music like you are in a quite room..I am totally in love with this product.
well what can i say about the bose soundwear i purchased this bose product and when i first heard the sound it was abosolutely stunning,as all of my bose products are highly recomended10/10(just buythese)
Great product to purchase for your child! Adjustable and comfy to boot. The volume limiter is an excellent feature that means their ears are safe. Love them!
I have the ST20 in white, and it looks and sounds amazing compared to my old boombox stereo! I like Pandora, and have tried the free Deezer trial as well as Spotify. I think I'll get another one, plus the soundbar for Christmas.
Never thought I'd get this kind of sound from something this small! Was very impressed with the bass and clarity of this bluetooth speaker. Would highly recommend this product to all looking for an ultra portable speaker system for your phone which is good enough from the living room to a car.
AfXcDw  <a href="http://qlmiemlivdui.com/">qlmiemlivdui</a>, [url=http://gvvmccmpulbg.com/]gvvmccmpulbg[/url], [link=http://mjszowrowsij.com/]mjszowrowsij[/link], http://ttazcfwrndho.com/
I got this speaker less than 12 hours ago and I have to say, it is the best speaker I have ever heard. Amazing bass and mids, paired with insane durability this is the best all in one speaker.
Sound quality is outstanding and I can still hear what is going on around me.  Calls are crystal clear.
I bought this mic on sale back in Oct. had an AKG 220 and only bought the 420 because it was on sale. Love it!
I have cauliflower ears from wrestling and MMA fighting.  The earbuds with it varing sizes makes it easy fit for us with cool cauliflower ears!  Fear the ear!
I have owned these for a year and they have been excellent. I love how small they are, they are very comfortable.
Maybe not as loud as we would like - we bought 2 and for a party will probably need to buy a third, but they look great and have fantastic sound
I love the sound from these!  Bose does not fail to deliver.  I love these!  They are my favorite pair of ear buds.
The best feature for me is the fact that it is waterproof and since I live in Florida I am always near water
They are very responsive on today's digital receivers and 4 of these match well with my Onkyo TX-NR818
Lately I've been watching some reviews online about charge 3 and they say it is one of the best!, Well I say it's truly amazing. Powerful bass, quality sound and best features! I'LL definitely recommend this and so affordable compare to other brand of good speakers out there!! Keep it up.
I got these headphones this Christmas (as I’m writing this it’s December 28, 2017) and it works like magic. I have to lower the volume all the way down because it’s so loud. It’s one of the headphones that I just love and haved ever tried. Thanks so much JBL.
Bought these while on sale. Great sound and comfort. Workouts are definitely wireless all the way around. No more tugging or pulling wires.
I bought this a month ago and had its first test on the water.   Speaker is very loud and amazingly waterproof    Several people in our groups are getting them so we can link together and have surround sound on lake.  Definitely worth the cost.  100% satisfied. Would pay more
I have been an avid fan and regular buyer of Bose products. Simply put, the QuietComfort 35 wireless headphone is a masterpiece and just awesome.
earth shaking bass, realistic surround effects, music is crisp. and most of all my samsung 8 series smart remote operates it thru the hdmi{arc} input, also 4k pass thru from the inputs to the tv (most 4k tv"s only have one true 4k input) had a bose sytem and this sounds better!!!!
O...M...G... I bought 2 of these speakers and they are amazing. I purchased these with a 760 watt pioneer amp and these hit hard! I was really surprised how good these really were. With the money. Not a fake review I'm 21
Hook up was as simple as advertised. If it performs as well as our other 5 Bose purchases we will be elated. Looks great, and we DID hear a difference in the sound immediately while watching the football games. Can't wait to watch a big movie with it.
Yes I bought Bose revolve + Bluetooth speaker, in last month Aug 17, I am feeling proud to have this, sound quality is amazing , shape and design too attractive , Bluetooth connectivity is so smooth. And last bose is BOSS.
excellent sub i miss read the watts and ran it at 360 watts to each of the two i had at two ohms very upset when finding out 165 constant was what it was
I have had my Bose Bluetooth mini for two months love it They say good things come in small packages. This does and some
works exactly like it should, holds a charge well, and is apparently too loud for the golf course but it ain't like I'm gonna quit takin it out there so get used to it
This is the best subwoofer that i have owned to date. Doesnt distort at extremely high volumes, doesnt over power other speakers,hits the lows very nice and produces very tight punchy bass and can produce boomy bass for those who want it. it has more then enough power for my 15x12x9 room.
This Bose mini is exactly what I was looking for.  I can take it in the garage when i do projects,   bring it to the pool,  or just take it anywhere  and get great sound.  Thanks !
There are more functions and it's working great.  I bought this is for my own setup for acoustic guitar record.  I like the new one with the DC voltage input than the low AC voltage of the old one.
Holy Crap!!!! These are the best speakers I have ever owned in my life. I never owned Polk before and I will never own anything else. I bought the rti 8's with the 404 sub and it kick's butt.
Bought the 700 SoundBar and Bass Module 700  System absolutely CRANCKS!!! Absolutely happy as with it. Just need wireless speakers and Bose home 500 then what a system that will be!!!
I bought this product six months ago and it was absolutely worth every penny - it has an incredible range of volume, allowing me to use it to host a party or to write an essay (and everything inbetween). The only downside is that my flatmates love it too so they keep stealing it!
Believe it or not, I play my bass guitar through my PSW12 as a practice amp. I can hear every inflection and mixed with LFE from my system, well i can't express enough praise.
I walk a lot and the headphones really come in handy. Great sound and easy to use without taking them off my head
It is the best system Bose invented after some time. The audio is so clear and fill the room with rich music. The one thing I wanted to know if I can connect REAR speakers to the system. I have AM5 cube speakers and wanted to understand if it is possible to connect.
I bought this system two weeks ago, very happy. I went to my local dealer to check it out first, and was genuinely blown away at how good it sounded in such an open space. I do bits and bobs of DJ work, however it's main use will be domestic, it looks great, and blows out windows at home, nice.
It is a really great speaker, we just love it. It has a really great sound. The blue tooth distance, we can get up to about 50+ feet. My cousin had one and after seeing and hearing hers we just had to have one! I would recommend it to anyone that asked.
I have owned them for probably 3 years and now I need new cable that goes from one speaker to the other....
What can i say ive tried other brands and tp ve honest JBL is boss you won't find a better product I promise you !
I purchased these about 2 weeks ago and I must say they are typical of Bose  quality,The sound is crystal clear and the set up was a snap  Thank you Bose for another great product
Wanted this kit for years and now my music listening pleasure is complete! Thank you Bose for being so good!
I bought these speakers for my pc and I am astonished by the sound performance. For this price you cant go wrong, and the Bluetooth feature is awesome, sounds exactly like aux input.
I bought them like 3 years ago and still have them they are the best headphones out there till date and they have the strongest durability I’ve seen.
Bought a pair of in ear sound true ear buds and my animal eat the gummy ear piece off can't find them on here spent 3 hours looking.
For a speaker that is so small, it produced nice, full sound, and decent bass.  Love that, like my phone, it's so mobile due to it's size, and yet it produces sound I would have  never thought possible at this price and for the tiny size of the speaker.
i bought these headphones about a year ago and i am really happy i did. these headphones are lightweight, great sounding, and are really comfortable. there are a awesome pair of headphones and this is a really good choice over the beats(trash sound quality).
I have tried about 6-7 other high end headphones -- and these are the very best. I can do phone calls with clarity that is terrific, not to mention listening to music. My iPhone loves it too.
I've owned a couple if the original Life styles 5.1 systems dating back to the late 1990's I also own a 3.1 system for gaming. With out a doubt this is their best system to date. Not cheap but you get exactly what you pay for. Customer for life!
Great sounds quality ,really good looking design. I produce music and it’s astonishing about the sharpness that provide,especially for that price!
This thing has some serious bump. The Bluetooth signal is strong too. The light show is a bonus, for it is a great talking feature and impresses many when first introduced.
I just got mine today and I love it so much I haven't stopped using it! It gets so loud and it's so clear! For the price it's way better than Jambox mini or even the Beats Pill. Pill killer for sure! Must have for portable music lovers!!!
What else can I say but WT...!! In my 460 sq ft den this replaces my bulky 5.1 set up with sweet bassy sound. Best part is you can arrange the wireless satellites to accommodate your situation. This will not compete with a full big speaker system but very close for my room. A+
great built quality, long battery life, very good sound quality. volume on battery very low compared to its size. it should be louder! u need to buy 2 of them and link it up to get an adequate volume. apart from that its a 5 stars product
I can't really complain. I got a great deal. But I was expecting wireless because I bought wireless, but they sent me wires:(. I like them though.
I have a Ranger 31' tug, and i had the factory install this amp with 4 JBL MS 6200 speakers. The amp works absolutely fabulous, no overheating, no power sags or clipping. Set it up right and it just works, small boat only needs only half volume to make it too loud to talk over too :)
The bass is amazing on this speaker.The sound is amazing.The best part is that you can take it into water.But the best overall is the battery life.I have got almost 3 weeks of usage out of the battery.
I run with these now almost everyday. I washed them last night, and dried them!  I am currently listening to them after all that and nothing seems to be wrong... holy moly.  amazing! I just hate how they are so bulky and you look like shrek when wearing them.
Great sound all around connect to wifi without any problem. Google assistant works good even while playing music at low volumes, sound is very clear. I didn't even hear cracking once on this speaker, you can count on jbl when it comes to audio systems
i bought this 2 days ago and im using weak amp to power it up... and its banging the roof of my car :D
Had this unit for  about 2 month's it is superb. The bass on this beauty is second to none and sounds great with all genres of music. Can't wait to build on to this system.
I've had two pairs of these headphones so far and I love them. Never fall out of my ears no matter how sweaty I get or what activity I'm doing - running, biking, etc. However, now that the bluetooth version is available, I will probably switch because the wires get in the way quite often.
I am very happy with my earbuds. They have lots of bass and are clear but they let it to much noise.
I am happy with my purchase. The setting up of the equipment was very easy. The sound reproduction is top class
Baught tbis a month ago for myself as a jump start to getting me back into the gym. I absolutely love it. The price was worth it. Very happy.
Needed more sound in my work area and this is perfect! Now I can focus on my project without hearing “MOM!” every 5 minutes!
This hands free product is what I have been looking for. Where have you been hiding this item. I am totally in love with it.
Bought this speaker for home and trainings, great sound quality and bass. Recommend to EDM lovers.A bit too heavy.
I purchased these headphones for my lady and she loves them. Great sound and good build quality, worth the money.
I added the PSW350 to an Onkyo Component Shelf System with a sub-woofer pre-out.  I was amazed at the difference it made.  I felt that I had to immediately listen to all of my favorite music to hear what I had been missing.  The PSW350 gave me a whole new appreciation of music.
I've had this unit for a couple of weeks now and absolutely love it! The sound quality is awesome and I am enjoying all my Christmas and classical cd's. The set up was easy and ordering from Bose was quick and painless.
This amp has more than enough power to push my 12" subs, very satisfied. Shipped quick with no damage.
With Football tailgating season almost here, I needed something to listen to my music on. I picked up this speaker (black version) and wow, I was pleasantly surprised by the power this little guy out out. The clarity and the bass were incredible!
This little speaker paired easily with my devices and delivers a big sound for such a small speaker.  This is not meant to fill a huge room, but I was surprised at the quality and ability of this speaker.  I bought another as a gift.  You will be pleasantly surprised.
i bought these because i wanted good headphones. i had wanted to go for the beats studio 3 headphones but returned them because they were not good enough. these are great and would recommend them. a bit on the expensive side tho
it very nice i say get one and see for yourself you will love it wifi is very good best bose wave soundtouch ever im very happy with my thank you bose
I love this unit.  It exceeds all of my expectations.  I wish I had known how good it was I would have bought more as gifts.  By the time it was delivered it was too late to order more at the same price.  The offers need to go about a week longer.
Easy to install; I was concerned with the lack of a subwoofer, but the bass sound even without one is awesome! Listened to a music DVD, sounded great!
Overall excellent sound. This is a great solution for a room and house that does not easlily lend itself to wiring rear speakers or mounting them anywhere.  The surround sound is very good and the overall sound quality is excellent.  Easy to hook up.
This is a great sub for the money.  Purchased a little over 6 months ago and absolutely love the sound that is given off by this piece of equipment.  I would highly recommend.
Amazing earphones I ever had in my life.Today thrown all other earphones in bin I was using since ages. Nothin can beat BOSE is after all Boss
I love Bose and I received the expected quality that I wanted. I am a user of their aviation products and love all of them! You get what you pay for.
This small Bluetooth Player rattles the dishes in the kitchen when turned over half volume and can be heard anywhere in our house.
They offer crystal clear sound particularly at the high range. It means you can hear throbbing bass in trance music. best value for your $$$
I purchased my wife the quietcomfor 1series and it came with the airplane adapter, I just purchased myself the 2 series and it does not come with that. I am exprrwamly bummed out about that... the headphones themselves are amazing.
Bought these cause I spend a lot of time on a plane and wanted to drown out the noise of everyone on the plane. Was hoping they were as advertised and they did NOT disappoint! Legendary sound, great noise cancellation and very comfortable. worth every penny!
For the most part, I really like this pedal. For me, it has a good, grungy, distortion sound, with modest low-end grunt. I wouldn't use it for all circumstances. But within the constraints of certain types of music, it works wonderfully.
I have both the Qc20s and 25s love them both!, like the qc20s awesome sound, comfort, and the size are all great buy them you wont be sorry!!
These are amazing speakers. Definitely worth mentioning that they can take in more power than they are supposed to. The build quality is top notch.
I bought this for listening to music while hanging around on our patio and parties. The sound is unbelievable so clear and the bass is great
I’ve been a proud owner of JBL products for years now, and their products only get better and better. JBL really nailed it with the JBL Charge 3 and I can’t wait to see what comes next.
When I first got these little gems that wasn’t as loud as I hoped but they isn’t made to have sound coming out all the time, it’s like music or sound affects but after the update I they where louder and a lot more enjoyable and they was so simple to connect!
These are great speakers, well worth the cash, getin me another set and a set of 6x9s there that good.
I've had this speaker system for 7 years now and it is still producing great sound. I've just moved it from the basement to a much larger family room and the subwoofer has no problem filling the area with great bass.
Very happy with overall quality,  very smooth when moving tv around various angles. Disappointed with no wall studs provided, bit pricey,  and instructions were frustrating (hard to tell what was right side up since not labeled).
Solid build, great sound & just right for my 1000sqft loft condo, it sits on the bar with a small footprint and sweet sound!
I own a set of Everest 700. Needless to say, they rock. So I bought a set of S400BT for a Christmas gift.....I have no worries that they will perform as expected.
Just got my speakers last week, and they are amazing. Have been setting up my system again, turntable, new reciever, and wanted the best speakers. They are really nice. Did buy the stands for them, and that only iproved the sound.
I received mine as a gift for fathers day (I picked it out of coarse)I love it  it has pretty good bass for such a small package and the batteries lasted me over a month rockin out at high volume levels
Simply put these are the best 6x9 speakers i have ever purchased they sound great. People who say the bass gets distorted when you turn them up loud should get a amp and watch these speakers hit like you've got 12inch subwoofers in the back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this last week since then nothing was able to separate us. I love the clear solid sound. Comfortable ear pads. Superb Noise Cancellation feature and light weight. Comes with a hardy carry case.
I have one 10 inch polk momo with a 700 watt bazooka amp and this 10 really makes my car shake. I recomend it to any one who wants to put a lot of boom in your car but dont want to take up a lot of space. I cannot keep my mirror straight.
I was surprised to listen the quality they produce with Yamaha RX-V675.. I bought it to listen only stereo music which i love. Right now I am listening them no more than -25 db as I live in apartment but I am waiting for time to play them on little bit louder.
Good quality and design. Nicely hear what happened around you when you turn music off. (Don't need to take it off for talking)
Bought these a few months ago, they are still working good. Good sound quality for the price. Includes three sizes, both the large and medium were too big for my ears but the smalls fit cozily.
I auditioned these at a local Circuit City and they sounded great.  I compared them to a pair of Infinity and Sony towers of the same price and size and a pair of Bose 301's.  The Polks blew the competition away.  I think I'm going to purchase them.
I bought these about 2 weeks ago. They sound just as good I expected. The only problem I have with these headphones, is when I received them, there was 2 small left side replacements. Other than that I don't see any reason to purchase another pair.
I received this as a gift and it was very useful it lasted very long and allowed me to protect my phone in a way I felt was very safe and sturdy. More people should know about this because it truly is such a great tool that needs to be used by everyone
What a Steal these earbuds are!!!  1st my son got a pair then I had to get a pair for myself once there was a 2nd sale!!!
I love it! The sound truly is amazing. Very rich and makes the music sound as if it's live. I am so happy with it and like showing it off to my friends and family. They too are astounded by such terrific sound coming from such a small device.  Get one, you won't be sorry!
High tec item Very good sound  Too expensive Wish it was little louder But better qualaty then thier other products
As advertised, great sound, simple yet elegant without clutter with one exception. Why not allow an access plug to the speaker to allow music to be played thru ipod, iphone etc. The speaker is powered - what a great functional addition.
Happy so far with the purchase, clarity is very good when I receive a call on my cell phone connects seamlessly. Pricey but nice ....
I bought these as a cheaper travel pair of headphones, but I'm amazed. These headphones have amazing noise canceling and sound amazing. They are light, comfortable to wear and easy the travel with. Worth the purchase.
I dropped mine in the yard about a month ago and I thought after so long, the rain and snow would damage them for sure. I was in shock when I charged them and they worked just as well as before
I bought two of the speakers for my daughters for Christmas. The sound is great. Convenient to take outside to listen to. We play it in an indoor arena. It is a great speaker with great sound.
I bought the filp 3 two months ago and I love it. It's very loud long lasting battery and I love the bass.
I had my Earbuds for a Year now and I use them everyday when I am running, doing homework, sitting in class, and just day to day things. They feel like your at the concert    .
I thought this would be bigger, but the sound that comes out of this speaker, it is great and will go ANYWHERE. Already given one as a gift too.....
I have no problem with the ear bugs, they stay in and sound quality is excellent; however, my problem is with the extender. The covering ripped and the wires broke where it connects into the headphones. I ordered the extender today, but I am wondering why this isn't one long piece?
BEST HEADPHONES EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im definitely buying my friend a pair for her birthday.
I bought it for my PC and tried with my TV as well.  It supports and works really well for TV as well.  The sound is great and really dont want to compare it with any other speakers that I was using for last 20 years.
These are great surround speakers for Home Theater.  As mentioned by others they do seem a little wobbly on the stands, but won’t fall over under normal conditions - I really like the thin look, especially compared to most typical “box-style” surrounds.
i love this subwoofer,its even more amazing if you pair them up,i got two DSW600 PRO SERIES,i never had so many complaints in my life,i cant imagine having that 1500$ top of the line to add to my collection.
I have had my portable speaker a few weeks now, and have used it every day! Battery life is just as advertised, and great quality sound in such a small device. I love it and will be purchasing a few more as gifts.
Just bought a pair and buying another one, would recommend to anybody! The highs are above all, you can tell the difference, the looks is very classy. Installed in Ford Edge just above the front handle and can't complain, buying another pair for the rear.
I bought this one 4 months back and now I am facing a charging issue as the white light doesn't stop blinking while getting charged and also the playback time has reduced to 1 hour max. Also , the product falls under warranty of 1 year. Please have it replaced
I wanted something small but with a good sound that I could throw in my suitcase. The Flip 2 is just the thing, very compact with a big sound! My only wish was that there were treble/base features to adjust because with increased volume comes increased treble tone.
The only thing I don't like about th Quit Comfort 20 is the connection to the phone. After using it my thought is that it should have a straight connection and not at the angle made. Just my feeling. Everything else is great. I like that I can wear it with a hat on a plane.
This little speaker can fill a whole room with sound. It's very loud, has nice sound to it and is perfect for doing any daily activities. Mine gets wet sometimes and it never stops working. It's the best portable bluetooth speaker I ever got!
Thought my speaker was ready for the bin but it turned out i just needed a new charger canle! Bargain, easy to order, arrived quickly with lots of updates on expected delivery. Excellent service
I used JBL for almost a year and wanted to buy a new set for my husband. The sound quality is amazing, soothing and the google integration is the best. On top of it, The best price for the best product. I bought as a christmas gift and the shipping was free. I love JBL.
Been loving this thing, produces great sound and the batter life is great:) Only problem is when I plug in both the power and aux together at the same time I get some background or high pitched noise at times, but other than that (just using bluetooth) it's amazing! Worth every penny.
Microsoft need to develop this awesome product. I love my invoke and would love to hear about more things that are planned for it in the pipeline.
I got them a couple weeks ago and I was surprised at how comfortable they were. Plus the controls on the headphones are much easier to use than the 300 Everest. And the sound is what you'd expect from JBL - top quality.
I had to review these headphones because of what I've put them through and they still give me amazing
best portable speaker ever all around sound quality .i got from my son on Christmas best present ever i ride a manual sports wheelchair every day i attached to it and i go every where with it
Great feature that it comes with aux cable and protective case. Sound is very good.  Buttons are easy to use and find even with headphones on your head. Comfortable on the ears. My only complaint is that the instructions are in TINY print, very hard for me to read. I had to get a magnifying glass.
Awesome product. Never fails to impress anywhere I bring it. Should be on commission as many said they would buy one based on what they heard and what they saw (simple, light, stylish) when I used it!
Purchased to replace old speakers and receiver in kitchen.  Perfect.  Fills room with wonderful sound that defies its compact footprint.  Plenty of volume and distortion free even when cranked up!
I bought this thinking it would sync with my other jbl speakers for a little extra bass I should have read up a little more. It is a great speaker but for the price I would buy 2 charge2 or 3 plip4 which are excellent in party mode
This is the best bluetooth speaker I have ever personally had before, battery seems to never die, and the passive radiators give a punch when it comes to bass. Just ordered another one, gave the old one to my brother.
Great pair of headphones. Had an incident where one side melted(got too close to a fire) and they still work and sound great! After 1-2 hours of wearing them they can get a little uncomfortable, but that is mainly due to the constant pressure. Great headphones!
Received this as a Christmas gift. The speaker is attractive and produces clear beautiful sounds. Would highly recommend this device
Outstanding sound quality fills the entire room with rich bass sound. AM/FM reception is clear without static or interruption.  amazed by the time every time I turn it on
Overall, the I-Sonic is an excellent audio system. I have enjoyed its deep sound (along with many co-workers), especially on those late night "gotta beat the deadline" jam sessions.
Excellent product great sound, powerful sound, deep bass, clear treble, I recommend it over any bose. completely satisfied with the purchase.
Love the around the ear headphones but hate how hard it is to connect the audio cable. The sound quality is superb!
Very pleased with the QC30 wireless. Sound quality, noise cancelling, comfort, and battery life all good. Disappointed that this headphone cannot connect with in-flight entertainment system.  Perhaps BOSE can develop a Bluetooth interface accessory?
The first time I experienced Bose was in 1993.This is my second set going on 3 years.Im still impressed.And so are people who come to visit.Wether it's music or a great movie with surround sound.I always get a great comment. Love it.
These make a very nice pair of noise-cancelling headphones. I was hoping the wireless feature would apply to the average PC, but didn't realise it would be more suitable for cellphones, as they connect through bluetooth. Still, they work great, and were custom-made to the last detail.
It is a gift for our son who travels a lot. He is a pilot and has the Bose pilot headset. I have the over the ear comfort quiet/comfort and now we have three sets of Bose.
Excellent product and price. And the fastest shipping ever. This became the replacement in my Canton sub woofer and it sounds better than ever. I will a consider JBL first before I make any future purchase.
I bought these last month on Black Friday and I’m glad I did because they are loud and have noise canceling. It also has good bass.
Yes there are limitations, a speaker aimed at travel should support USB charging and should provide full phone support but the sound presence and quality more than make up for these limitations and make carrying extra chargers and devices more than worthwhile.
bought one of these about six months ago at a bestbuy for $99. i put it in my 98 malibu.  it pounds amazing. i will never buy another sub thats noit polk audio. this thing shook off my rear view mirror hooked up to a jensen 300 watt amp.
Great sub. Plays all of my music (mostly electronic) very well. Nice, tight bass in a sealed enclosure. May move to a ported for more volume out of this baby.
This is so amazing! So much bigger and better than my previous 2 Bluetooth speakers that were stolen. JBL customer for life!!!!
I got these about two weeks ago and have used them every day whilst skiing. They are a great fit and stayed in all the time. Perfect for the odd work call I had to make too. I
I bought this amp to drive a pair of wake tower speakers. The instructions were clear and concise and set up was easy. This amp provides plenty of power to play my music loud and still sound great.
Mounted on second floor deck and the sound up and downstairs is great.  I dropped one off the deck by accident.  It fell at least 14 ft. into the yard and landed on the grill. There was no change in the sound of the speaker! The sturdy grill protected the speaker and took the bounce test just fine.
The sound is incredible.  Very easy to use for answering or making phone calls.  I wish it had come with instructions other than a quick start guide  and standard warnings.
I've had this product for a while now and I love being able to go hands free when I'm out on hikes or running with my dog!
At first everything worked awesome but I’m having a problem when it is connected to the tv and I turn the volume up the sound bar turns the volum back down have been trying to figure out whether it’s the sound bar or the tv, it’s a viseo tv
Just got these today. Unreal. Crystal clear quality and great bass. It's bose so you can expect greatness.
I really like the clip, but what is the little hole on the side for? Is it auxiliary in or out (can I use it to receive the bluetooth signal and then plug my home receiver into it?).
In comparison to my TV audio the Bose delivers improved sound quality which becomes more noticable as the volume increases. If you only ever watch TV - DVD's at normal to low sound levels then you might struggle to discern a significant improvement.
I've been buying BOSE for years and this little speaker is upto the BOSE standard, however, when you have 2 and put them in stereo mode, even at lower volumes, you will hear things in most tracks that you've never heard before.  Absolutely love these little guys.
this speaker sounds great. it would be cool to have some audio adjustment knobs. one thing to me that sucks is its battery life. good for  play
i bought this item before i flew out, so happy with the choice i made no regrets, sound quality out of this world
There is nothing in the world like a Bose.  The BIG sound and the clarity will never be matched.   We absolutely LOVE ours.  It will be one of the satisfying purchases you ever make.  Thank you BOSE.
Great microphone. Use with my audio technica wireless system series 2000 and ATW-2110 transmitter when playing my saxophone on gigs. Would recommend to any one thinking about wireless for their performances. Quite affordable and durable.
had the 35's for 13 yrs now. have 4 in a HT config. great sounding speaker. low or high vol. add the psw 450 and wow!
bought this for the beach and have used it for 2 weeks. used for dusty room renovation too. amazing, full sound. great deal refurbished @ 30% off. the extended family is impressed with its sound outside too! would get again. i wish it floated and was waterproof beyond 3' but its great anyway.
I.have read several reviews regarding base being too light... I disagree.  I will admit I primarily watch Netflix but the clarity and bass is excellent.  I have also used wired to Creative LABS SXFI which is truly amazing .
I bought one of these as a gift. I thought it was great especially considering the size. Don't be fooled by it's size............
I bought this almost six months ago and it still works as well as when I first used it. The sound quality and volume is much better than I expected. Happy with this purchase!
I am a faithful Bose customer, and once again I am very pleased with my purchase. My SoundSport in-ear headphones sound amazing!
I read the reviews of others. My ears made the decision.  I don't know what some people are looking for, but  I guess that's why there are different models of speakers. I compared RT/8 with the RT/10's and 10's  were the winners For the money and sound, I could not go wrong
We purchased this product for our grandsons 13th birthday as it was top of his wish list, to say he was pleased would be an understatement, we have one very happy grandson,
It's great sound. Using with Denon ARV 3000x with sub. Sound quality much better them before. It's very clear sounds with Denon ARV 3000.
I purchased it last week and I cant stop playing it. I have it connected to th Amazon Dot and the sound is amazing! Its not blue tooth, but the dot allows me to connect to all types of music, even sirrus radio.. I love this system, so sleek.
I just got this speaker on Black Friday, I've had a beats pill and these blow beats out by a lot. I would recommend these if you want a nice looking and sounding speaker.
I am very happy with this portable Bluetooth speaker. I use it at work and things are not so boring again. I am about to buy a second one for my home office.
I bought this speaker to listen to cinema music. Mini 2 has amazing sound clarity, easy to pair devices, take phone calls and good battery life. I would recommend this product.
I love my Bose SoundDock. It is so easy to snap my iphone on and have instant music. Easy to attach my lap top and again, instant fabulous sound. I teach workshops and use music. This is totally portable. I got exactly what I hoped to have for an amazing price.
Brilliant product, fantastic sound, as expected from a BOSE product. Pity they can't get the firmware and update schedule right.
Got them for Christmas, I commute and wanted to shutout the coughers and sneezers  on the train and for them  to not hear me, noise cancellation is amazing sound is top notch.   They're comfy and light weight as well.
I received this master piece 2 days back.....I love the sound quality and the bass it gives is amazing.will update you more info about it in a week.
I really enjoy my DSW Pro 400 speaker. Great low frequency sound, without "low rider" vibration. Nice cross-over frequency exchange and with many set up options. Works extremely well with my high end Yamaha Receiver and Polk surround speakers.
Bought a couple two years ago and still on the first one. I use it all of the time mostly during workouts and they sound fantastic. These are a great buy. Only downside is that they may be a bit large for people with small canals.
I've always had good luck with Bose products and this one is no different. It has good not great sound but overall I'm happy with it and would recommend it.
I have been using the headphones for about a month now and I am very happy with the structure that does not feel like it will break at the swivels. I really enjoy the multiple connected Bluetooth feature, meaning I can switch between devices seamlessly. I am also satisfied with the customer service.
Had them for a day, but excited about the possibilities. Very impressed by call quality and by the music audio. Excited to see what comes of the AR. They feel good, and glasses usually don't reach all the way behind my ears. The large are perfect for me, and way lighter than I imagined possible.
5 years ago I used the Bose A-20 head lights, I never had problems and it is very noticeable in the rest that it generates when reducing the noise.
This is one of the best bluetooth speakers that I have ever used. It connects to my iPhone with ease and starts playing right away. The bass on this speaker is ground shaking (Literally!) When playing at full volume, it shakes the ground next to my feet.
I purchased these a month ago and vey quickly realized how well they work for class. You'll never miss instructions, thanks to the non existing sound canceling. I can use them on medium volume and have no sound leak, so dont worry about people being able to hear your music!
Es muy buen wooffer, aunque tiene su limitante. me gustaria comprar unas bocinas de repisa pero en Mexico las dan super caras, hasta un 50% por arriba de su valor en otro pa?s.  saludos a todos.
My son -in-law has one of these and we used it at my Fathers Funeral. I liked it and purchased a refurbished item for the sale price shown ; in June 2017 use it very day in my vehicle to and from work. Sounds great better then OEM speakers. Just love it.
It came in the mail today and withing 5 mins i and ripped open the box to be veryy pleased with the quality
I bought it 2 weeks ago and the sound is perfect as it suits the music i love , i like it so much especially when i used it in outdoor activities , it incredibly comfy and light . Recommended earphone for people who like to do outdoors activities and love music.
I bought two (blue & white) factory-renewed Soundlibk Color II six months ago. And they sound great in stereo (Left & Right) or party mode. Battery life is more than I needed for daily use. No problem at all and got them at a lower price. They look and sound like new! Great buy! Excellent!
Just a really well rounded speaker! I've found no obvious flaws to speak of. I sounds great, it has a great battery, its water proof, and the bluetooth connection reaches pretty darn far. I do wish it floated, but that's pretty low on the totem poll of my speaker needs. Awesome speaker!
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. So glad I bought this JBL unit. Best quality and price.
I received a black Soundlink Color recently as a gift and overall, I am impressed with the tiny speaker.  It is easy to pair up to my laptop and conveniently remembers the original settings.
I’m about to buy my third one so I can have one at my work one at home and one of my art area      good bass.. pairs up easily   super convenient with quality sound    A Purchase  I have been very happy about
It's comfy and pair with my Android phone real quick. The noise cancellation is excellent. However, the sound quality degraded when I switched from wired to wireless. It's not bad but the base is better when I used wire.
I bought these headphones for specifically for working out but, these headphones can be used for anything. Pretty Good...
It's all there, all the music. The amount of bass delivered by this little speaker is amazing. The single driver does the job of 3, and does it well. For the price, you can't do better!
Bought new QC25 - incredibly happy with them - improvements to the case as well as the comfort of the headphones - all good imho.
Went to Best Buy, listened to all the brands, I liked JBL sound the best. The light display units are cool, but couldnt justify the extra $100, I just wanted good sound.  GOT IT, don't regret it. Battery life is great. Blue tooth connect is easy. Even the box it comes in, is really a cool package!
These are by far the best set I've ever used. I take them to all my (numerous) international flights, their flight noise attenuation ANC function alone is amazing. Music sounds amazing, they stay on the entire flight - really just perfect.
Got this for our daughter for Christmas. Excellent sound and very cool lights. She loves it. Could use more bass but it sounds very clear and crisp.
I just got them. I was a bit scared that they would look a bit too big on me, but it's actually alright. The app and all the options are so cool ! I can control my Ipod Touch from my Samsung, and the Google voice is really well done ! I always buy from BOSE, never disappointed !!
these are preaty frekin awesome i have ualways stuck to rocksfort folsgate  they are so bad ass but for the price and sound these polk subs are loud !!! only thing bad is that the surrounding of the rubber is coming off
This was my first speaker from Polk and i must say İ am impressed with the sound however İ wanted a different color so have them painted in piano black, now its even beter to my eyes. This color should be an option for Polk. İt is a killer speaker now.
Amazing bass, clean, accurate, worth every penny.  Has enough bass for almost any size room.  A true homerun from wher I stand.
Example: bought my second Bose N/C headphones, replacing my previous on-ear models. An awesome upgrade in every way. More comfortable for long wear times, better noise-cancelling (airplane rides are so much quieter) and improved music.
These are the best headphones i have ever used the sound quality is very high also the bluetooth works very well, they are very light and smaller than i expected and would recommend to anyone, well worth the money.
I like the headphones, the sound is very good, the bass is powerful.  I don't like the cracking sound when I move the head. The collapse joint is making sound when I have the headphones on my head
I bought two Arena 170 speakers for my room. They're good for small and medium size rooms. The sound quality is a great quality. These are perfect for entery level speakers especially if they're going to be the first floor standing speakers you purchase.
Just bought this again for my office. It is amazing and sounds so good. I wish it was  rechargeable to take it outside.
After hearing it it was a got to have the best portable speaker i have ever owned even the wife can work it
I bought these about a month ago and I'm totally pleased! Over the years I've tried many different in-ear headphones and these are the best by far!
i have had these ear buds for a couple of months then got a new PC laptop,LG GRAM. I'm finding out the SoundSport Free will nor work. Is this ture or I'm i missing something?
I own a pair of these.  I also use Apple Watch.  If you use any other type of heart rate monitor, save your money and use the regular sound sport ear buds.  These earbuds work but are redundant in my opinion.
I purchased one for my sister, became envious and replaced my Kenwood (it was time anyway)...I will not have to ever see the inside of a movie theater again; I can feel the action again; get one and you will not be disappointed; give it two hours and the system really wakes up!!
I bought these speakers for the downstairs of my home with plans to upgrade to a larger soundtouch down the road. The only thing I am disappointed with is when used in the same room you cannot have stereo sound Left/right channels only mono.
Bought these headphones strictly for gym use and they are great. Lightweight and comfortable to wear.
I purchased this speaker for use on my boat and so far it's the perfect little speaker.  I'm going to get another one to add a little more sound.
Its been a week now since I had this unit and im very impressed with it features. I use it at the gym when Im swimming, it has internal storage to load up songs so I can leave my phone in the locker. Sounds coming out is great for a earphone that i can use in water.
I just purchased this sub to replace the sub that came with my Kenwood theatre in a box. Just this box has breathed new life into my old system. The richness and clarity of the bass is incredible. I was able to max out my new Onkyo 85w reciever and there was no distortion at all.
This little device is a marked improvement on the original go speaker. I think the edition of a passive radiator has really helped  the bass. If you want something that is ultra portable and has a nice sound look no further. Well done JBL!!!
Excellent bass as advertised.  Blocks out all ambient noise completely so keep that in mind for safety.  Pads can get sweaty.  Power button a bit unresponsive - you have to try several times to turn on or off.  Sound is full and complex, and overall I'm glad I bought these.
Very good sound, a little much for my system right now but I have a good starting point for the rest of my 6.1 system.  No distortion at all (until you blow the driver).  This will make your movies more realistic since you will be able to hear and feel gun shots and such.
I purchased these wireless speakers about two months ago, looks fabulous on my outside lanai and the sound is so clear, soothing and spectacular.  This is by far the one of the best purchases from Bose, I can't keep my husband inside the house anymore, the sound is so phenomenal.
Love this speakers. They make my soundbar better! You can even raise the speakers volume with the bose app.
I like JBL products and I'm glad to see kids headphones designed with the Safe Sound feature to prevent damage to hearing.  The design, colors and included stickers are great for kids.  The headphones feel high quality and have nice swivel design features and soft padding.
I got 4 of these badboys in my isuzu amigo and recently hit 137.7db! Theres nothing like tellin these guys with 12s and 15s that my 8s are louder!
recently upgraded from the 7s and found the 9s to have more weight in the bass and also richer midrange. they sounded better balanced and could play louder too. there may be better speakers musically but for music and movies, i rate them among the finest at this price point for their versatility
This speaker is BIG.  It sounds GREAT,  I guess bigger is better.  lol It looks great with my rti a7 and the sound blends great.  It has a nice range of sound.  The size is not what i wanted,  I wanted something that mounted on the wall,  but to me it was worth the sacrifice.
Rapporto qualita prezzo ottimo! Ottime per ambienti medio\piccoli!Perfette con un buon subwoofer!!Ciao greetings from Italy
Bought the sound bar, bass and rear speakers, transformed my house into a theater experience even with watch TV. Music feature is out of 10th his world!
Recently purchased the flip4 and I am extremely picky about my sound. This outplays my bose speaker and it is water proof. Kudos to this tech team! Problem is I listen to it when I go to bed. Is there a timer feature I am not aware of?
I love these headphones! They have really great features too! Couldn't beat the awesome deal JBL was having, and scored these great headphones! I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a good pair of headphones.
I have had these headphones for about a month and they are amazing. Comfortable, easy set up, fantastic sound. Bose is a great company. Thanks for making such outstanding products!
We had this radio/alarm in our room at the Waldorf Astoria in Orlando, FL when we were on vacation.  Loved it so much we went online and ordered it immediately, and it arrived the day after we got home.  Such a gentle way to wake up, best alarm ever!
Excellent sound quality, bass has a great thumping, mids are there and overall very clear. Earcuffs are super comfortable for me too. Call quality is clear and I found the isolation from outside noises outstanding.
I love this product!!! The ear buds swivel so no forcing them into your ears, the hook keeps it in place. The sound quality is great. The microphone works flawlessly.
Just bought it amazing punchy sound never exprinced b4 guys worth spending money does the job bang bang bang
I've had my Soundlink for a number of months, my iTunes music is played through my iPad and spotify I listen to Radio 2 in the morning so my Soundlink is working hard.
Love this little speaker!  Great depth of sound. Played for 9 straight hours and still have 60% battery left!!
I?m from Portugal, so I will say it in Portuguese.  Adquiri um par de colunas RTI A7 e estou simplesmente maravilhado com a qualidade sonora. No inicio o som n?o era bem o que eu esperava, mas passado algumas semanas de uso o som foi melhorando e hoje tem uma qualidade exelente. Aconselho vivamente.
Could not be any happier with my purchase of a Bose Wave SoundTouch system IV. The new SoundTouch feature is a winner!
I bought it to my harman kardon hk980 as a second, lower power pair of speakers to use in the other room and I'm very glad about their size and sound. It could have more dynamic and power but I'm very satisfied.
Bought these today and cannot fault them. Sound quality is superb. Very comfortable. Connection is very good. Took a while to understand the limited instructions, but that's probably due to my age!
I bought this headphones like two weeks ago, and I have loved it. Great quality sound, comfortable, and the best excellent battery life.  What I didn't like is the it didn't came with the case as advertised in the website.
I received this about a month ago set up was real easy and the sound what can I say its Bose for sure. If you are considering this I very highly recommend it I am sure you will be as happy as I am.
I buy bose products about every four or five years and have never been disappointed . I am just blown away at the quality in both workmanship and amazing sound from these headphones . I can not believe the crisp clear sound they have.
I got it for a great deal and have them for awhile and like these headphones alot. Doesn't bother my ears at all and that's a plus
I bought this last week to use it while travelling. I feel it's perfect for travel. Needs some improvement on sound quality for sure.
if your thinking of buying a sound touch then dont wait, just do it, the sound is amazing and being able to control and choose your music from you mac iphone is so great, worth every penny
These are the best earphones ever. Once you have tried them you cannot go back. Using them simply blocks the world out. Truly amazing
This is a great product. It's easy to carry and it's durable and the speakers are really clear and strong!
This was given to me as a present and its one of the best presents ever. the sound is amazing, its sooo comfortable and it looks great. I also like how its kind of flexible. I often chuck it in my bag full of other things but I have not had any problems with it breaking.
I bought 3 years ago the first model still have it...love it....thinking on purchasing a newer version. ...5 stars ...
Recomiendo 100% este equipo a quienes amen "sentir" los sonidos más bajos atravesando el torso... Ya sea para películas ó para música es EXCELENTE!!!
Have been using this since year and I never faced any care about charging while wearing it feels soo comfortable.
I have just been brought one of these by my wife for my birthday, after banging on about it for a year after experiencing a friends one. The sound quality for the size and the money is absolutely unreal, I love it. Buy one, you wont regret it.
I bought this a few months ago and i am so glad i did! Amazing sounds quality compaired to many others i have bought!
I purchased this at target today and tried out in the car before leaving the parking lot and for such a small speaker puts out nice sound and bass. Nice product for JBL
Ive been using these for a couple of days now and the sound is very clear, they fit very comfortably. They are easy to hook up to the my mobile phone as well and running in these is also very comfortable too. Would highly recommend
We absolutely love our radio and we had an issue with an older 3 cd changer they took care of pronto and I for one cant say enough about the service they provide after the sale ,so if you want a great sounding system and worry free service if you need it Bose is the answer .
Needed some earbud style earphones for watching videos and listening to music and these work great. With the good sound you expect from JBL and a comforeable fit you can not go wrong with these.
Bought for an open air, expansive sound and wasn't disappointed. One of my most comfortable headphones (out of 12 sets). Love the colorway. I custom made a shorter cable, about 4'.
I bought two and am very happy with them. Great sound and fast shipping from JBL. Can't go wrong with JBL. I've been buying from them for 40 years!
Would make a far superior product if it had both a earphone jack, and a SD Card slot! Sound quality is excellent, so too is output wattage ...
Best headphones I have ever owned. The noise cancellation works great. ( Well ... my family may think they work too well. But I am happy. ) The sound experience is hard to believe. I would highly recommend these headphones and think they are well worth the price.
make a great stero for playing music. grandaughter listens to music on her iPhone. Now when she desires she can listen to music without earphones and the sound that comes from the JBL OnBeat aWake is great for such a small unit.
They give really good sound. T hey are super comfortable The Bluetooth is a nice touch. One of the best head phones Bose made:)
It is 4am and my roommate is sick and snoring to where I could not fall asleep. I put these in and immediately can not hear him and felt the need to write this review to express how amazing they are.
When I first bought these headphones, they did not work correctly and I tried to contact the people at Bose. After I did get a respond from them, they where quick to help and gave me a very good impression of Bose once again. They sound great, feel great, and was definitely worth the money.
I've had this product for a few months now and it still sounds great and battery life still holds for a very long time
With all the wind, engine, and road noise, this compact and very sturdilly built unit has outstanding clarity for receiving and also is very clear to those I'm speaking with. The duration it holds a charge is also excellent.  I wish my 2014 car with built in bluetooth was as clear.
With great price on a re-certified one with a one year warranty I could not turn my back on the deal. Superb output and quailty
Ordered my boombox 2 days ago and have been playing music on it now for 3 hours. This. Thing. Sounds. AMAZING!!! Got it for my Jeep Wrangler for when I have the top and door off. It's so loud! Love it!!
My roomate used to work at Circuit City and sell car audio equipment. for my birthday i bought myself 2 pairs of these speakers and a head unit. When i came home my roommate flipped. clearest sounding speakers. what a bargain. i bought a polk sub 2 days later. super clear.
Bought them after using many other brands and was not sure about the sound quality until I took my own music on my iPod to the Bose shop, and wow, I am hearing my music like never before. Just the right base, mids and treble as I like it
They feel big on your ears and are hard to make comfortable in your ears but a great purchase for what I paid .
I bought this back in 2015 and I have liked using it as a substitute speaker for my phone.Pretty good stuff,but sometimes the sound stutters when I use it,normally during music playback.It is a bit annoying.Is there a solution in anyway to reduce the stuttering?Thanks.
Bought this about 6 months ago - Wife took it to work, rocks to hard , she has to keep it turned way down - that;s a good thing!
These headphones are fantastic, I use them at least a few times per week and every time I fly somewhere. They are comfortable and the sound is simply amazing!
I bought this to use outdoors around the pool. My friends and I have no problem switching turns to play music, and the sound is simply amazing for such a small package. Everyone loves it and wants one badly.
I would recommend this Product to anyone, it is a most excellent piece of equipment and gives a new meaning to listening to both music and speech on the television,est regards John Wallace
Awesome speakers!  Use them as my rears and surrounds in my 7.1 channel system and not only do they sound great but they look awesome too being concealed!  These replaced my RM8 satellites which were good but these go seamlessly with the ceiling and the sound ls so full!
Sounds incredible  just moving the rear channel from the front to the back is great. Not having dudes in my attic disturbing the blown in insulation made my decision.
WELL I'VE GOT TO ADMIT THESE POLK AUDIO SPEAKERS ARE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD, I RECKON, WELL I KNOW FOR A FACT THESE ARE BETTER THAN THE B&W AND MISSIONS ANS KEF SPEAKERS...
I bought two of these as gifts for my niece and my nephew. Hank figured it out right away, and played music from his iPhone. The sound was phenomenal, especially coming from such a tiny device!
I´v only used it this weekend but im soled. My friend had one and I was impressed with the base from sutch a small thing and the clarity in witch it delivers the sound with only bluetoth. No WiFi. The puls led lights came as a surprise...acctually its a bit cosy in the dark Scandinavian Winter.
I love NOT getting Tangled up in wires while wearing these. The sound is Great, battery runs a long time on a charge, very comfortable too! I Love them and would buy again!
Have had my system for a 24 hours and I am amazed at its performance when I listen to CDs I have heard before I now hear sounds from the orchestra that I never heard before it's truly a wonderful music system
Better with every use. MUST be used properly. Well thought out..great for long flights and passive noise reduction was more than expected. Active noise reduction and mic quality is unsurpassed. Best headset out there. Do yourself a favor and purchase one...well worth it. Very satisfied.
these headphones just block out everything else and let you focus on the best thing, the sound quality, it is incredible, deep rich bass and clear vocals, for the price you pay for them you expect excellence and you get it!!
The Bose Computer MusicMonitor are expensive, but the best small wired speakers for Mac, hands down.
These speakers are some of the best I have ever owned. Sound clarity is superb- very clear and handle high volumes well. Bass response is great for a 6" speaker. Overall I would give them a very high score.
These are to date, the very best speakers that I have owned, built like tanks and beautiful sounding for HT as well as music. You wont be disappointed one bit! Polk Audio Rocks!!
Great for traveling except there's no fast usb c charging. Who wants to carry an old slow micro usb cable around in 2018.
This speaker is perfect for traveling because of its compact size. The sound and build quality are excellent.
I downloaded my I tunes library into the Bose Library, it's such a pity it doesn't transfer all the Album covers as well. It would brighten it up enormously and for me, it make a search so much easier, I remember the album picture and this I will listen to that.
Excellent sound, great feel on ears, very comfortable for everyday use. Exceptional sound quality for the price!.
I'm so glad I invested in these Bose Headphones the sound quality is great.sugar pie honey bunch you know I love you.....
One of the first electronic products i've bought in about 5 years where it is literally flawless. Design, reliability, battery, sound quality. Everything is just so beautiful and if every electronic media device was as amazing as this is the world would be a better place.
Great for portable sound, love the handle, easy to carry.  Size is good, big enough but not to bulky to carry around.  Sound is clear, connections are easy and quick, only disappointment is the volume.  Not as loud as I would have expected.
Replaced my 12'KLH SUB that blew on me, I am very pleased with the sound and Bass at a great price. Now I am a true believer in POLK AUDIO, and will be upgrading the rest of my set to POLK soon.
Brought them last month and I use them nearly every day such a good set of head phone I’m really happy with them
Great sounding speakers, but I don't care for the slanted top, I'd prefer a flat top. Also, I wish it had a on/off LED light. The electrical plug-in has a loose fit and will fall out of an adaptor.
This is a GREAT center channel. The sound is clear and crisp. New these were $250 to $300. Used $25 to $75 depending on condition. If you find a mint one, buy it.
My boyfriend bought this for me as a gift and I love it! Nothing beats its sound and I take it everywhere! The beach, the pool, camping etc. This is a great speaker! Can't wait to add more to my jbl collection!
Bought for my dad for xmas he loved them so much he forgot he had more presents to open  Great sound and easy to set up
I could not live without them, THE only thing that has blocked out snoring. The buds have had some bugs that im sure Bose will fix.  they have genuinely changed my ability to sleep with a snoring husband
Brilliant bit of kit, sound quality is excellent, expensive but you know that before you take it home ?
I love that the braided cord doesn't tangle. The ear pieces fit great and haven't fallen out yet. The most comfortable in-ear headphones I've ever had. The pouch they come with is handy too.
I just bought them yesterday and directly updated them with the new fw. Best sounding work out earbuds with nice bass and mids. Perfect for all genres of music.
I only thought it was cool for my phone but it's great on my computer as well. Does everything they say it does!
I bought this last year and find it to be an excellent product it goes on holiday with me and also in the garden, Love it
Bought this on the salesman's recommendation in Selfridges this morning having looked at similar in Curry's, Apple etc. All priced the same, the guy was so effusive about this speaker and having got it home I have to agree, the sound quality is amazing, I'm delighted with this stunning purchase.
This is our second one, the first one we had for almost 3 years and just doesn’t hold a charge anymore. We love the quality of the sound and just had to have another. I also have the 2 for almost 5 years and it is wonderful, but the 3 is much better.
This is much better than the average "table radio." The tuner is very sensitive and works very well with HD radio. It plays CDs and DVDs, and it has plenty of power and a very clean sound. I'm very happy to have it in my home!
good, crisp, clean, base in sealed box not as loud as i expected, power hungry very well built, base is a lil low below 50hz in car, below 50-80hz is solid, i would have liked a lil more bottom end, but thats OKey for the price. very nice sounding woofer indeed
To buy these. I am a pilot for a major airline, thus have many hours logged in the passenger cabin. These headsets are perfect! Noise CXL is as good as any. Plus they are comfortable, you can sleep on your side with them! Don't tell anyone, but they are worth more then 299.00
I bought this from Best Buy last month and I only regret not buying it sooner! It's amazing and the sound quality, easy pairing and portability are just a few of the reasons I still believe in BOSE!
Just replaced an older pair of seinhausers that I loved but these Bose are by far the best I have yet to have the pleasure to use
I was in search of good headphone and of course cost effective and i found JBL Earbud. Absolutely great sound quality and bass effect. I am using this with my Nokia N8. Kudos!!!!
there amazing and I love them but for the price of product  the find my ear buds app using my iphone  I want to be able to turn on my Bose with my iPhone and find them? if there is a way let me know so I know where to find my heart lol thank you Bose again for a amazing product!!
I got this for the Christmas party and I must say I was more than satisfied with the product. It is a great speaker with superb build quality. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to fill their room with blasting sound.
Love it it’s been 8 months  sound quality is excellent. Fits well battery great  Colour options great
These speakers are flawless - the sound is life like - no distortion - handles everything your receiver can dish out - the highs, the lows everything blends together to give you the feel that you are at the concert or movie - great speaker..
Took it on vacation and was able to enjoy high qulaity sound in any setting. My friends and I were able to listen to each others songs as the product connects wirelessly easily and quickly.
Bought this to help my husband who has a hearing problem. It did the trick he can hear the TV sound through Bose solo 15, no problem. We have other Bose products so trust the quality, it has proved once again to be an excellent standard.
This thing pumps put very good sound and bass and was a very good buy on my end. I really really like The JBL Charge a lot.
Real strong bass great midrange and fantastic highs useing them for 7.1 theater on lexicon processing.Listened to multiple speakers before I made purchase. These are the best.
I bought a pair of Model 7's in 1978 and teamed it up with an NAD 7020---Fantastic sound. the NAD is a clean , rich sound through these wonderful speakers.
Bought this for my hubby last year it's brilliant the sound is superb love Bose products got headphones and a Bose wave machine
Got this as a Christmas present and I love it. It sounds nice and loud for such a small thing. Very good quality.
Bought it to overscream music my coworkers listen to. Easily done. And i charge it once a week, which seems great after jbl flip 4 which i charged 2 times a day and battery died 5 months later
The wireless headphones were super easy to setup! I was connected via bluetooth in seconds. The sound quality is good and the volume goes higher than other headphones i have used in the past. Nice design, the wireless feature is definitely a bonus.
This product was a great gift for my loved one- he is a huge Knicks fan and loves the product so far. The sound quality is very clear.
Stylish design, good sound, convenient connection. At low volume, bass and mids are not pronounced. Center channel only works if audio format is Dolby 5.1,  all other cases you have 2.1 sound. Simple PC sound card can create center channel from stereo, Harman JBL can not.
It's Awesome, lighting is cool, sound is high quality, loud and fills my whole kitchen, more than pleased with it. Another great product from JBL
blows my my ears and my mind. another great speaker by jbl. i have been a fan for years and am happy with the quality and sound each speaker you make.
I bought recently, and it's used, but the sound is great and I love this product! My best electronic buy of the year, and I have the Galaxy Note. Getting ready to buy another. Whole family loves it!
Best 40th birthday present ever! As an avid bose sound fan, this product is everything what I would expect from a top class brand like bose - just great, would recommend
I bought this along with 2 Studio 290 speakers and the set is terrific. Only problem is adjusting bass and treble levels.
Unbelievable sound quality. Well built. I showed it to a friend and he purchased one that same day.
I got these for my truck to replace my Punchs and hear a big difference...good clear bass.....but I still like my MOMO's in my car best!
Initially had trouble with new SMART HUB and new smart TV's. It controls everything by your going to need an optic cable to use your TV's apps. It comes with an HDMI but with technology advancing you might wanna throw a optic cable in there!!! Still amazing system
I bought this about 2 weeks ago and am really happy with it. The sound quality is absolutely amazing and has good base as well.
Headphones are light weight. fits perfect in the ear and  hold in place. it is well made and flexible. Sound quality is good over all. You hear very little noise from outside. I wish it came with some type of bag even cloth one would of been nice
I got these for my son who loved the stickers so he could make them his own, he seams to like using them so all in all a great product I think. The bright colours are great and the volume limiting gives me peace of mind about him using them.
Bought these for my kids teachers they have a smart board but use the computer speaker for sound. It sounds horrible. Bought it for them now the whole classes hears great
love that you can charge your phone from it and my son loved mine so much that he bought himself one shortly after I opened mine up and the best part is you can sync them together
The sound of my new sound wave is incredible.  I love it and it was super easy to get it set up.  The instrumental sound is so clean and crisp.
These wireless headphones are a huge upgrade in sound quality to my last pair of jbl headphones. They are light weight with no long wires to interfere with my workout routine. I love how they stay put even when running they never fell out. I highly recommend these headphones.
Stylish look, supreme "punchy" bass and crystal clear treble at an affordable price for the average consumer-- best headphones I've ever owned!
I bought the sound bar with the base unit and love it. I am getting a little hard of hearing so invested in satellites and they made everything complete.   You may want use the app it makes it great for fine tuning the sound levels.
These headphones have probably saved my hearing. With these I no longer have to blare my music to drown out the train. Exceptional sound quality, great battery life and very user friendly. The only complaint is that the neckband tends to spin around and has a problem staying centered on my neck.
one of the best things I have ever brought, yeas a big price tag but they are sublime! detailed highs, heavy hitting lows and beautiful mids. You notice things in your music you didn't previously hear they are the best i have ever brought and would 10?10 recommend them!  good job Bose!
I bought mine the day it came out, 9/25/14, and I've used it just about every day since. It has very good sound, and it's small enough to pack in my suitcase, so it goes with me on every trip. It's super-simple to pair with my iPhone and iPad, and incredibly easy to use. And I like the price!
Been using my Flip for over a month and have bragged about it to everyone. It couldn't be simpler to connect to devices and the sound and volume are incredible. Bought one for my g/f and she was ecstatic. Best Bluetooth speaker I've heard and I got mine on clearance for $40. Whoo, whoo.
I bought it few weeks ago. After break in and a new pair of ear foam (for better comfort and noise isolation) they sound Amazing. Base is tight, a lot of detail but less sound stage than my AKG 702. One of the best earbuds you can buy!
Tons of great sound come out of this little thing. Great for bringing on golf outings and the beach. I also use it while traveling for a white noise machine. Love it.
I love the sound quality.  I don't like how bully they feel in my ear.  It feels like they are going to fall out.  Waiting to see how they do at the gym.
Bought to use with iPhone 7. Sound is amazing and bass response is unreal!! Still not the biggest fan of "wireless", but JBL has done a great job with these!!
I bought them for my husband who travels every week. He looks amazing with them on and loves how they look. They are unique and colorful.
I am very happy that I bought this. I've had Bose speakers before and they last for ever...this fit my needs and I love it.
Purchased this for my daughter's birthday and she loves it! Finally have her listening to music without her headphones which says alot as she is ultra Picky about how her music sounds. Speaker is small, seems durable. Would definitely recommend this product.
I love not having any cord to mess with when using these ear buds. They provide excellent sound and are great for using for conversations at work. Overall I am very happy with the high quality design and awesome sound!
Great product so far, good sound quality also . I can take this thing anywhere and do not have to worry about it.
These work great- didn't pop out from my ears once during my 5 miles jog! Usually I have pause my workout and adjust my headphones.
J73AJ5  <a href="http://lyqyuheozdjb.com/">lyqyuheozdjb</a>, [url=http://xyxtnpqzargo.com/]xyxtnpqzargo[/url], [link=http://ukdojqcfsais.com/]ukdojqcfsais[/link], http://keltkcwglsvt.com/
I had the Xtreme and the Boom Box is in a different league! If your hesitant cause of the price don't be. You'll be amazed at the sound!!
Easy set up, great sound, as a child of the 60's the JBL name is no stranger to quality and this product carries on the tradition of that quality.
These are simply incredible, the noise cancellation is fantastic. Once I was walking past two trains and I couldn't hear a thing with the noise cancellation. However I have an iPhone 7 and it's clunky to carry around with the headphone jack adapter.
Been waiting for awhile now to get a great headset and it is finally here. This headset delivers on all levels. Great sound and comfort. Well worth the money.
to start things of i'm just a kid, but in my opinion these are worth every single penny i paid, which was very hard for me to do, since i had to collect money for such a long time. my only complaint is the bass
I purchased two pairs for my home theater and the sound is excellent. Works perfect with Dolby atmos
FACE OFF !!! Sounds great out of the box. Give them time, you will love... NICE. Sure, low end I'm that type of guy. Loved Polk of over 10 years, good price can't complain. Won't buy any thing but Polk :)
I bought these a couple months ago and they are the best ear buds EVER! I love how long the battery life is and the sound quality is insane. They are light weight and I like the fact that they slide into my ear unlike other ear buds. I would definitely recommend to a friend
A classic Polk value. Not exactly ruler-flat, but perform well unless pushed too-hard. (Bass gets a little muddy when driven hard)
Had a number of Bose speakers throughout my life starting with the 901 series when I was a DJ. back in the day. Now I have settled with a pair of 201's and 301's for my music room.
I love the sound on this JBL Charge2+, but the instruction manual is so vague.  I have no idea when the battery is fully charged.
I've been super happy with these speakers. Just wondering if there are any microphones compatible with these speakers?? Hoping to use them for our wedding ceremony. Thanks!
Installed a month ago.   Outstanding sound quality.  Paired with a subwoofer and the sound is over the top. Highly recommend
Easy set up.  Excellent sound.  The noise canceling is amazingly effective.  Only negative is the price points.
Upgraded from the SB300 to the SB450 last week. Unbelievably better in all regards. The soundbar itself it extremely crisp and detailed. The subwoofer is more smooth and twice as powerful. Bravo JBL, you've done it again!
Great sound. Works perfectly. This is the most comfortable headphone of all. I tried on every headphone Best Buy has. The Bose is costly, but worth it to someone who wears them for hours at a time.
I THOUGHT I WAS GIVING UP SOME QUALITY WITH INN WALL SPEAKERS.  NOT THE CASE AT ALL.  I USED THESE ALL AROUND IN A 7.1 SYSTEM.  THEY ARE AWESOME.
I got this to have on my golf bag when I talk the course and this is perfect and does not add to much to the bag
I got this as a gift and I love it. The sound is great.  It's easy to connect. I have connected to phones and laptops.
The cabinets on these speakers are so well designed there is no resonance at all- very good looking too. The sound quality is amazing, the mids and highs are so clear and life-like. It's very hard to describe the lows due to the fact the bass can be very tight yet rattle the walls.
I bought mine about three months ago and it is awsome. Took it to talladega and played for about 20 hrs straight without charge. Will be getting another to link and play louder.
I bought the Soundlink las week and have been listening to it every since. The sound is Great and the battery life is long. I've been listening for over 8 hrs and its still playing. I take it everywhere I can.
I have this Acoustimass® 10 Series for my home theater since 2013. Now planning to buy another set to upgrade the system to 7.2.
I bought these to replace my over the head headphones for apple products. Love these and they work great with Android devices. And can wear a hat at the same time!!!!
Great speaker, it has an amazing bluetooth range. It comes with a type C charger. Loud speaker with good base.
I use it as a commercial DHC - 3T commercial pilot all day long since 2012 it´s the best headset i ever had by in my 34 years career  i recomended anytime
I purchased other wireless earbuds but was so unhappy with the fit and the sound was very poor. The Bose ear buds are incredible! love them! great fit and the sound is awesome.
I received the SoundLink Mini as a gift and I must honestly say, it’s the most impressive gift I’ve ever had. How is such depth of sound produced from such a compact device? Nothing short of witchcraft! My compliments to the company.
As i am slightly deaf i can turn up the volume and appreciate the sound quality, especially on my northern soul cds.
I have been buying Polk speakers for years, and have never been disappointed, with any of their products.    The Lsi 7's blow the competition out of the water.  Superb quality,design,and sound.   I think these will be the last speakers I will ever buy, the hunt is over!
I received these jbl earbuds for Christmas, I work outdoors very active, truly love them. My kids wanted wireless, diff brand, too many problems, glad I chose these ones. Thank you
Extraordinary sound for this small price, great bass and precise treble, I'm discovering new sonorities in each song, I recommend++ !  I bought the sport earplugs to have a better in ear support, now it's perfect !  The microphone works perfectly
Love it! If you like high quality sound outdoors or indoors but without paying for small speakers, then get the JBL boombox!! Low key 10000/10 review
I brought these speaker few months ago. So the sound quality was brilliant and herd all details of the music track. And it's much better than Harmon Kardon Nova system. So I'm highly recommending these speaker system.
I was looking for clean, tight highs and mids with good imaging. Boy did I get what I was looking for. Much cleaner mids than my older RT400's, and I thought they would be hard to top. No one but Polk could have done that! Awesome, Totally Awesome. Thanks Polk!
My husband bought these for me as a gift because I'm always complaining that I'm tired of buying earbuds that won't fit my ears and fall out all the time. The JBL Inspire are AMAZING!!! The fit is awesome as is the sound quality, they never fall out. I'm extremely happy with this product!
This is an awesome subwoofer!!!!! I am just a kid and i got it for my birthday and wired the whole thing to all my speakers and my boom box this is bangin... this sub's kick is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
these headphones changed my travel and work like gangbusters even when i sit right next to the engine of the plane. Bravo!
I bought these a few weeks ago. The sound quality is amazing. The battery life is the only down fall. Charge only lasts about 3 days.
I'm happy I bought these I am able to get more work done on my commute and focus mor. I get nervous though that if something were to get into the rotatar and joints I won't be able to clean it.can someone please tell me how.
I brought these about a month ago from Amazon Woot, they sound great, blue tooth connectivity can be a little wonky but does connect. THEY SOUND GREAT!!!!! And they cost me less then 200.
Pros: I love the sound (5 stars). I love the mic push/hide. The headset is well made and doesn't feel like it will break. Cons: not made for big heads and the biggest issue which is Microsoft's fault the mic sound quailty (you have to speak very loud to be heard).
Bose best ever for another brands its launge every year super productsbut it very expensive for me i wise to buy bose product
I gave these headphones for my 7 yr old nephew . He was very happy with them. What I did also notice is that the quality is fantastic and have very efficient noise cancelling functions. They also have a very nice appearance.
I've been using this over a year now and every time i hear the sound from this i know i've made the best decision.
I bought this device a month ago, included in a deal for the purchase of a laptop HP. I did not imagine meeting a sound so clear and rich in such a small and affordable device. I am very happy and satisfied. Thank you very much JBL.
great sounding speakers at an affordable price....! i cant believe how good they sound without being amp'd.
Had the unit for just over a week and it is brilliant for listening to music znd watching films ,  the Bluetooth is great for music from my phone and is so easy to set up.
Don't be fooled by the RMS ... this sub will rattle the windows ! If that's what your into ? Myself I'm looking for tight , clean Bass . This Sub delivers on all that and more ! Easy installation too !
I bought this a couple months ago, battery line is ok, maybe 5-6 hours, sound quality is very good, best bluetooth speaker ive ever heard.
I've had these for about a year and a few months ago I was playing basketball and missed a rebound and the volume up button broke off, and a few days ago the same happened to the play/pause button. Overall great, stays connected well plays the entire day but can easily be damaged
I just bought this bose freestyle earphones and the sound is amazing they sound better that previous earphones.Light and well build.This is a special edition made by bose.Enjoy
I'm impressed the sound quality is the best for this price. The first thing for me when i buy headphones is the sound and is excellent, no distortions, high volume,  deep bass. I'm happy with this choice i saw a lot of reviews and i was concerned about these but i don't regret i bought .
I bought this a while ago and love it it has great bass and use it always I definitely recommend this
A little expensive for the sound, but suitable for home theater. Deep enough bass but not enough to annoy neighbors in a condo.
We bought this a month ago and we loved every thing about it,but unfortunately we had to return it as there was no way to reduce the bass notes which we found very uncomfortable to our hearing ( we are in our 60s).
This is my third pair of Everest ear buds.  Great sound quality and stay in my ears brilliantly while running.  Sadly my last pair (bought second hand) didn't last three months!
Overall a smart compact package; a bargain for what it does: crisp, clear, sound that is much better than what comes out of your TV via your gaming system. Usable as an on-stage voice monitor (though not for a loud rock band). Easy to set up. Highly recommend.
I used this at the airport and at the hotel. The sound system with bass was Awesome. Love Love Love!
Very happy with these headphones. Sound quality is excellent. Battery life could be better. Using active noise cancelling causes battery to deplete rather quickly. Battery life can be significantly extended by disabling ANC if not needed. Fit is comfortable and pleasant.
All I have to say is color, I have a Samsung phone and the only options for any product are Frost (White) and Charcol (Black), I love a variaty of color options.
I've had my pulse 2 for about a year now.it's the best speaker I've ever tried! The bass is awsome and it's very clear! The best of the best without a doubt. The colorful display is great and battery lasts a long time!
I purchased the JBL Flip for a Christmas gift. It was easy to use and the sound was fantastic. My wife was really pleased with it.
Simple setup, paired to my phone in seconds. Big sound for it's size. Handles subtle classical and jazz with nice clarity but also does a great job with the louder blues and rock. For a small portable speaker it performs great.
I got the reflect mini BT for a gift in June of 2014 and the worked greatly up to the other day. When they messed up they sent me brand new ones. Great headphones and great customer service
This speaker gives out crisp, clear sound that comes from both sides. It is easy to transport and the battery lasts several hours. After my first purchase, I bought two more to share them. Easy to pair with my phone. My only complaint is that I wish it got a little louder.
Bought 2 and daisy-chained them with an original Charge. Not sure how loud they can go but it will be loud and very good! Bass is outstanding and Booming!
Love them!! got them for my birthday, amazing build quality awesome sound, and noise cancelling just buy them!!
First of all, I love the system. Just wanted to point out that if the unit is tipped back with a cd in the tray, it can easily slip out and get stuck inside. I had to turn the unit upside down and jiggle it to get cd out.
People actually can really hear you talking and that's the best part even if you are in a crowded place and noisy place they will be able to hear you and if you listen to music you won't be able to hear people around. Like you live in your own world of Dj
Great sound and bass. At first I was skeptical but once I hooked it up to my rand started streaming music I was sold .
Build quality is great and sound is good however if you do some research you can find equal and even better sounding speakers that are louder for less money. I think it's over priced and your paying for the name here. Over all it is a great speaker though.
I bought these (ES30) loud speakers for my mini Hi-Fi system. They really work and sound great with the surround speakers that came with the system, and my JBL subwoofer (PSW-1000).
I love my SoundLink mini and use it at work. I decided to get the SoundLink III for Home and Park gatherings.... I was Shocked to discover that there was NO Cradle! That I have to fork over another $35.00 for it! Really?? After Market purchase for a cradle? That is just wrong :(
Have been waiting for Bluetooth earbuds for a while now. Sound quality is great. Could use a few more sizes of interchangeable rubber buds. Easy setup for me, but the instructions could use some improvement for other users who may need more guidance.
Ordered this as a gift. It arrived within a couple of days and was exactly as advertised. Superb sound from such a small speaker!
Great sound quality, love that they are sweatproof for working out, but I wish they were easier to fit in the ear comfortably.
This is a well built subwoofer. Beats amazing though it is just an 8 inch driver.  Highly recommended.
Bought it a couple of weeks ago, the music sound quality is great but the call sound quality is very poor for some reason
It states 12 hours of play but its only given me 4 solid hours with the lights on. other than that  the speaker is nice.
best headphones iv bought from bose ever will not use any other audio products. Must buy if you are a gym rat.
This is a good all around center channel speaker with clean sound since it's a three-way design. It's not quite as clear as the LC2 since the LC2 is a four-way design, but it's nowhere near as tall or large either and unlike the LC2, fits nicely into most cabinetry.
Bought this headset as an upgrade to my older qc20, using them every day, and extremely happy with this purchase.
Amazing sound range and quality from such a compact speaker. I have a much larger considerably more expensive Bluetooth speaker and this gives it a real run for the money.
Heard a friends Charge 3 and knew I needed to but this! beats the socks off a Bose mini speaker that I had to replace! Veryy impressed!
Great sound for a small portable speaker. It paired easily to my devices  (both Apple products so far but will add a laptop soon). Have not tested the full blown volume yet but fills a good size family room on medium volume. Very clear with hints of base.
The SOURCE button shows up on the tv and scrolls by itself, right in the middle of us watching tv, does this constantly, interrupting our viewing time of TV, I tried troubleshooting the problem, but no response. We spent some good money for this system, so please help if you can!
I am really happy that I bough this item. Small, compact, perfect designed, powerful and great sound.
Got this a few weeks ago and it sounds amazing with clear audio that makes you pump up and jam in the morning
Added to an amp to pair with ceiling speakers the sound is complete now with the deep base this sub adds. Thumbs up!
If you want a bluetooth speaker with fuller sounds and bass than your average, look no further. I haven't used the handsfree speakerphone option for calls, but no issues with sound quality or operation.
These are great headphones. I never realized how much ambient noise was in my home until I bought these. Best money I've spent in a long time!
Bought this for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas. She loves it! It puts out GREAT sound for the size & price, stays charged for a long time, and is so easy to connect. We've never had any problems with it. Highly recommend!
I bought this and have connected it my iPad, Android Phone and PC. Connectivity is easy and the sound is good. The only problem is they are a little uncomfortable for wearing for any length of time as I wear glasses and earrings and find they press my ears against my glasses
I just bought a pair of M50's at Video only in Beaverton, Oregon  Got a great deal for the pair Hooked them up with Monster 16 gage speaker cable  Replaced a pair of Yamaha tower speakers that were 10 years old
We've had Bose L1 Compacts for years and just switched to the F1s. Without fail, at every concert we do, every service, every outing, our sound is consistently the best out of every group there. People come back to the table just "wowed" every time. Buy them. They won't let you down.
Only Bose can get such great sound out of something so small!!! Blows away anything else in this price range and size.
This incredibly tiny microphone performs well hidden in sets, articles of clothing, in a news desk, or interviews, and with all of the included mounting accessories, doing so is easy.
Fantastic, great product I am happy with my purchase, took me a while to connect the optical cable direct to the TV for optimum results.
all I was missing were these great headphones excellent when working out or just talking on the phone
This speaker blew way past my expectations. Now, in a speaker i really enjoy bass, and this speaker is perfect for that will room shaking bass and the lights are soo bright and overall i would definitely recommend this speaker!!!
great replace my wife's stock jbl speakers with these in her seqouia, the adapter ring was great for getting past the 6 and something wierd stock size speaker holes.
I've had one for 4 years, amazing bass and is truly a great outdoor speaker even in heavy rain. I use in conjunction with a SA230 230W Subwoofer Amplifier which proves to be a great pairing.
Purchasing from Harman was a pleasant experience throughout.  From the technical advice I received to the immediate shipping, I couldn't be more pleased.  Thank you!
I thought I could not find a replacement for my previous computer speaker system.  I was looking especially for powerful bass output.  This system does that and has crystal clear highs.  Plus it is easy to set up and use with my MacBook.
I bought my bose system last year in April and I will never go back to a stereo again. As I said, Bose is the greatest system ever.
My husband is very pleased with his gift. He was amazed when he did not have to quickly put it on the charger. It does what it says it does. Has an awesome sound and last a very long time on. Best gift every I purchased for my husband
i bought these headphones about 6 months ago and i cannot believe how great they are at first i was skeptical because the battery but it last longer than i expected and just blew me away with the quality of the product would recommend to any and everyone I LOVE THESE HEADPHONES!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought as Christmas present for 15 year old son. He was very impressed with it. It looks so different from other systems that look mass produced and the bass is awesome. Perfect for today’s music for young people. Tremendous piece of kit. Does justice to all types of music played.
I bought the Charge2 and have not regretted it at all. The charge lasts longer than other products. Ease of operation is a big plus. It tethers via Bluetooth quickly. The sound is excellent. Great tone and very sharp. Thank you JBL for a quality product with fast and efficient service.
Was sooo exciting seeing their faces on Christmas when they connected them and witnessed the quality of sound!! Only wished I'd have been allowed to buy more than 5, several others were very sad they didn't get any from me!!! :(
I got this as a Christmas gift and i was super excited. I love how its small so i can take it with me if i need to.
There amazing! upgraded from a $100 pair of Sony headset liked them but I wanted noise Cancelling and these are awesome!!
I gave this to a friend and she was so happy and excited ..she loved it ! So glad that I was able to bring that joy . Great purchase !
I bought this a few weeks ago and it's perfect! When i go outside with my  longboard i take it in backpack and I enjoy the trip better! Thank you!
Only the main bar is x2 times heavier than the other bars of the same series, that means less distortion and better sound than the other bars of the same series.
I purchased this speaker about 2 months ago and have enjoyed the sound of this speaker. Before purchasing I compared this with the pill and I was sold
After about six months, I have nothing but good things to say about the QuietComfort 35 headphones. They last almost forever, are great in noisy conditions like flying, and have great sound.
they are very comfortable.  I could have gone one size smaller because I have small ear canals but other than that they work great
I BOUGHT THE 6 CHANGER CD PLAYER 15 YEARS AGO AND THE PLAYER IS WORKING GREAT. NO TROUBLE WITH THE PLAYER. IT IS JUST ADDITION TO MY BEDROOM, OR ANY ROOM IN THE HOUSE.
Great front soundstage components for my 2002 Honda Accord.  Provide crisp clear highs from tweeters and noticable midbass from woofers.  Excellent power handling rms to peak.
I was in the market for a good pair of headphones, through seriously about getting Bose's HQ25s, then I tried this at the store and was blown away by the sound it produced in a huge department store. Love at first sound, thanks Bose, keep at it!
The audio quality relative to the size of this speaker is excellent. The battery life and rugged, waterproof design are also outstanding. I'm very happy with only having paid $149.99 USD for something that I use for hours everyday.
This seller has an incredible fast delivery. Was my first time and I would recommended to everyone.
We needed a new speaker and found this one.  It's great for being on the go with the kids.  We take it to the beach, to our cabin or just having an impromptu dance party at home.  We're really happy with this purchase!
I bought complete system of soundtouch 300 family. it's just mind blowing... sound quality very good too.. I am happy to have this equipment. Thanks bose..
I recently bought these and the lock feature is great. They haven't fallen  out or gotten loose in my ears at all
I like it because it is easy to play and it is really small to carry out and can play wherever I want it I think is the perfect speaker
The sound quality is great. Gives a total stereo effect and encompasses the whole room. Well worth the money.
Purchased for our granddaughter for Christmas in the red color she wanted and she just loves it, the sound is perfect.
I'm happy I bought them a few months ago. Sometimes they can feel heavy on your head but after some time you get used to it. Quality sound.
I did a lot of research online and I'm very happy I picked the SoundSport Wireless earbuds. Amazing sound quality and much better value than Beats!
I purchased this 3 weeks ago and am very pleased with the sound quality and construction of the speaker.  Out of the box the speaker was used friendly, with little time required for setup, etc.  I strongly recommend thi speaker, especially if you can catch it on sale with 40% of at JBL.
it was sent to me by a friend from  the united states..its an extremely excellent sound system never hard a sub sound so clean, extreme transient response...thanks
I love these headphones. 16 hours of battery life and when the battery dies you can still listen without the noise canceling feature. So you are never without sound. Worth every penny.
Im bying a second revolve +.....just bought a ski boat with no sound system in it...my 2 revolve + will be my sound and music
Hits smooth and clean. Has really good depth for a 10" sub. Just want you need to boost you sound quality in your car.
These beautiful cans are awesome. I now have two s500 the slate and now the chromes. They sound fantastic from the highs mids and lows the way music should be heard. Keep up work JBL.
I just bought these today. Blown away ! The sound is signature JBL. Perfect balance of everything. Priced fair. Couldn't be more pleased.
I'm going on my fourth Bose wave radio. Actually two are gifts. I keep upgrading so I just love Bose .
This is a really good speaker, the sound is great, love the design but the only aspect i strongly dislike is that the speaker talks. When you connect it'll say something down the lines of "noe connected to Alice's phone"
i ordered 3 of these few weeks ago . use one myself and gave 2 to grand kids. good deal for the price and every day use.
I can not get the USB a to work and there is nothing in the manual to show  how it works USB A won’t play files mp3 or way
I bought this excited that I found a Bose for my 4K QLED tv and I find the speaker just to be ok. I wish they gave more preferences for volume and equalized sound. I have other Bose docking stations that sound better?
Sure it sounds great and is durable enough. I only had one issue with it. The battery goes out after a year regardless of what you do with it.
I brought year ago and I set up with zone 2 and work is great and great sound I play all day sound like big speaker easy to install and I highly suggest to buy this speaker because bose is brand name. ...thanks....jaspal
I’ve had mine for almost a year and I love them the sound is amazing but you have to expect it with Bose but the durability is fantastic I though I lost them when I wiped out on my bike and a car ran them over but they at damage at looks but still works perfectly fine like they are brand new
I purchased the sleep buds about 4 weeks ago , it took a couple nights to get used to but it has been so worth it , I'm now back in my own bed and sleeping like a baby.     Thank you so much Bose for giving me back my life  .
Excellent sound for the size and price. I'm thrilled that I can hook up my laptop too. My only quibble is that I would have preferred a multi-CD option.
I have the Polk RTi 10 Fronts and the CSi A6 center and the F/Xi A6 surrounds and I cant hardly find movies to keep up with these speakers. And music is amazing most of all people like when they see them and love them when we watch movies.great speakers.
Bought the Bose SoundLink Mini after viewing and listening to a number of other speakers. This is by far the best Mini speaker system I have heard. It is so easy to set up and the sound has to be heard to appreciate what others have written. Five stars.
I love Polk Speakers,just got the R300 there Awesome Speakers Very Well Built and Sound Great,Good Bass Response and Clear Highs.I Recommend these.
Quick install. Very easy. If you don't have "struts" behind where they go then just use WallMates or Toggle bolts. Problem solved.
Purchased two months ago as an add-on to a new smart TV. Set up was a breeze! I love being able to use the bluetooth feature with my computer and phone as well. My favorite "default setting " is using the "sports" setting. The EQ'S sound the best for all usage, to me.
excellent sound, lots of base , very clear sound , the best cd-radio I ever owned , internet radio works great, Lots of stations . I have Bose computer speakers also. I highly recommend. you wont be disappointed.
I purchased this  through  Verizon wireless,  I  put them on after the paring  process. They far exceeded my expectations.  They are comfortable  to wear and the sound is like a full size speaker system.
Like the title states, it hits hard, and it hits smooth. Moves my entire car in all the right ways. Definitely a smart purchase, and a great deal for a beautiful box and sub. This sub blows my old one out the door, and I couldn't be happier that i picked one up.
My 42nd birthday present (to myself) and the rest of the family seemed to have "honed in" on it......thank you BOSE ;)
My husband got me a Flip speaker for Valentine's day.  He was really impressed with it but wanted something bigger.  I got him the Charge 3 for our anniversary and he is thrilled with it!  Great speakers for sure!
Sounds is good but the usb charging needs to be angled to charge correctly.  Refurbished 29.99 so I suppose so..  Overall V.good
I bought this 2 weeks ago had a little trouble setting up, the arc is really difficult to connect when it should be so simple, there must be a 'handshake' problem, then used the digital optical cable and the sound is great, very happy with it
really good sound quality useful if you do not like in-ear headphones like default apple ones, much easier to listen and use.
Just bought this and thought t may be to small for the living room. IT's worked out so well may have to buy a second one for the game room. I wanted something that would allow me to hear spoken word better and this did the job.
Perfect sound and very loud it's also very splash proof like I can put it under a tap and no damage will be done 10/10 product I rate it
I vought it to take on the beach. I literally started a party on the beach with it. I was great. So great that when I lost it I ran out the nextday to buy another. I just wish they had some better (girly) colors
I bought this for my 12 year old music loving son for Christmas. He loves it! Sounds great! He takes it everywhere. Easy to connect to his iPhone, holds a long charge.... awesome investment!
although its a great cable I'm a little disappointed that it didn't last that long. a little over a year and the jack snapped.
Got it for Christmas. Very east to connect to my S5. Not very good instructions. Nothing better on line.
not a bad center channel just don't seem to be what I am look for feel like I am missing something from the center channel
Jbl flip is one of my favorite speakers to use. i have two Jbl speakers. the other is a jbl pulse 2. Jbl Flip charges fast and is very portable. it's the perfect size. i have no complaints about either product. they are my favorite!!
Just got my JBL speakers less than a month ago and they are the best.  Great sound!  Worked withe equalizer to get the best sound...love them!
If you're considering the Infinity center channel, DON'T.  You will not regret choosing this high performance center channel.  Blends impecably with the RTi series.
These are great headphones and the sound quality is outstanding. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a pair of quality headphones.
I bought this device about 3 weeks ago and now I wish I would have gotten the 4. The bass sounds a lot better on the 4 vs the 3.
I bought one of these a year ago for my oldest son. He loved it. Since then I bought one for every member in my family. Including my other children, nieces, nephews and aunts. We bring them with us eveywhere! Would recommend this for any age. Quality is amazing!
I bought this about a week ago. Wanted some headphones with some bass quality! And wow this have amazing bass. Best ones I have owened and prefer this alot better than vmoda, and beats.
Bought my JBL subwoofer a couple of weeks ago and love it. Add a great low end bass to my home theater system. Nice to be able to adjust the bass level when I want a lot of bass that rattles the Windows or turn down the level for a subdued sound with everyday tv watching.
The sound output is great, nice bass and clarity. Comfortable fitting, very light weight, you almost forget you're wearing them. Great for those intense workouts.
I am overall a Bose person I have the qc 15 and these to these are very potable and small and have great quality I use it for school and it is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
This thing rocks and the sound quality is amazing. I love the app it's worked great for me. Will be buying a 3rd
I bought these for a trip to San Francisco, and they worked perfect. The only issue I had was my ears started hurting, but wearing them for 4 hours would probably do that....
I have tried them all Zik, Beats, Sony, etc. Nothing tops the Bose wireless. Awesome on airplanes. On the phone, people have no idea I am speaking to the wirelessly from my Bose headset.Awesome is an understatement.
I bought this from Delhi Airport, traveling back to Riyadh! Great thing! Very portable , great sound quality!
This piece of equipment really does transform the sound from my television. Astoundingly good and so easy to set up. Expensive yes but worth every penny. Personally, I cannot recommend it more highly.
I got it as a gift. Initially I thought it was going to be another gadget in the closet and when I paired it with my cellphone and started playing my music I fell in love with it. My daughter liked it so much that she kept it for herself.
got these a week ago. as long as you understand the purpose of these,are fine. will not isolate you completely ,just enough that you don't notice infrequent noises around you. I was leary of the price,but it's a long term investment.
I love the sound quality and the ability to connect multiple speakers together and I’ll continue to buy more to add to my collection for parties, but the only negative thing I have to say about it is I can listen to a phone call through the speaker, if there is a way to do it please let me know
I bought my jbl last year. Just bought One for my sons 38th birthday!! Him and his wife love it and can't wait until Weather warms up so they can sit Outside!!
Works perfect with my Samsung devices but not with my iPhone nor my iPad Bthooth cant find any device or it wont connect, tried with several apple units from friends it just wont connect
These are great headphones with only one major flaw, highlighted by benjay - the ear cushions, whilst very comfortable, break up far too soon for quality phones at this price. Bose seem to have pushed a bit too far on comfort at the expense of durability. Reduced a 5star rating down to a 4.
I bought this speaker and the bigger Soundlink as well, both are excellent and sound awesome! I was very impressed with the mini's base, definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a portable speaker.
I purchased this several months ago and use it daily, wish I had the Bluetooth version but will wait a bit.
I like the concept and the speakers sound great. It is difficult to go from my IPhone and then to my Kindle Fire and maintain connectivity, Both products play well when paired, but going from one product to the other is not easy. Also the earplug outlet does not work well.
Bought for my husband as a Christmas gift. He works construction and loves this speaker. Clip it on your belt and go.
Very surprised with the fit and sound of this earphones!! They will not leave your ears once there in!! Great product!
Good improvement especially in bass in the new Flip. Seems like it takes less time to sync up when 2 are connected. I also Like the small aesthetic changes to differentiate it from the Flip 3. Not to much needed to change there. It's just better than the competition especially at it's price.
I bought these about a month ago, and I’m happy with them. Sound quality is Rich/smooth. I’m a bass head guy so I wasn’t to happy with the performance at first, but I got used to it because the sound quality is better than the muddy high bass from my beats wireless 3
I bought them a few weeks ago and they worked perfectly for me, the sound is spectacular. good quality.
The sound that comes from this little speaker is AMAZING!! Living on the Pacific Coast it is always raining and love the fact that it is also waterproof.
These are awesome wireless headphones!  I wish that I bought these earlier.  Exactly what you would expect from Bose.
Bought this system this weekend and tested it on Sunday. WOW!!! What a system. Tested it with my favourite CD and heard parts of it I had forgotten about. If you want perfect music this is the system to go for
Bought these a few months ago, and still getting better in sound ...! Have these as my mains in a 5.1 setup and they sound great !! I also have my Harmon Kardon AVR setup for 2.1 with these and they are amazing ...!!
I bought it from circuitcity. I had a MTx 6500 D Class amp but it went bad. So i seen the polk 500.1 amp. I got some Treo 12.4 4ohm speakers. I said could they push them? So they hook them up and i said Yeah!!!! I thought polk oly made speakers. I was wrong. Best choice i made so far.
Installation was a breeze. software took a bit of time, but otherwise no problem.Internet radio was a pleasant surprise. Pandora works great so far.Sound is fabulous. All my oldies never sounded so good.
Its really good speaker. I have revolve+ and soundlink mini but this is my favorite bcos of the size, water proof and good sound. I would highly recommend this speaker.
I bought this for my granddaughter. Seemed to be well made. She says it's awesome! So we are happy with it.
These earbuds are very light and sound good for their size.  I also own the Soundsport wireless, and the sound is almost the same.  I like the Ultra earbuds because they are easy to stick in the pocket. The only complaint is that you can hear yourself when no music isn't playing.
I always love Bose products. This product is very basic and I was looking for features to be above average so hence the reason for the less than excellent ratings.
This is our second “Charge” speaker.  The first was for our son.  We liked it so much, we decided to order one for ourselves.  We chose the Charge 4.  Looks and sounds great.  Just wish it had a charger/adapter.
I bought it online and I am using it for the past 1 week and believe me is really really comfortable and has a great grip. It can be used for hours and you will never feel any pain in your ears. I am going with 5 stars for the product
I just brought it on Saturday. I am extremely satisfied with its sound and base quality.Before purchase, I also compared charge II with the boxx mini.The charge 2+ worth for the money
For the few times I used it, it does have good sound, very clear and has good bass. Gave it 4 as disappointed you don’t have volume on speaker.
Ilove polks speakers all my speakers are polks but the sub I got the sub 6 mouths ago and its great before i had a kenwood 12inch. it was ok but the polk far better.
These are my first pair of wireless headphones and I now am a customer for life. I have had no issues at all. They stay in my ear. They keep their charge. I use them for running, walking, weight training, boxing etc. They are wonderful. Highly recommend!!!!
Great speaker for its size. Not bulky. Excellent booster speaker for my phone. I am very content with this product
I have not been this impressed with sound quality since the flagship Ohm speakers of the 70s. The sound is rich, crystal clear, and magical. The bass range is very deep and without any distortion at high volumes. What more could you ask for? I recommend this product 10 times over.
I just put some in my Camaro Z28. They really improved the mids and the highs. Their clarity is outstanding, at almost any volume. I have a JVC KD-SH99 head unit and these speakers makre it really shine. I like these speakers, by far the best bang for the buck out there.
I'm a former musician with live performance and studio recording experience. There are no better headphones than JBL Synchros S700. I've tried them all. I admire JBL for such high quality standards. 
Très satisfait. Avec ma Sony 43pouces(2003) c'est un bon combo. Et encore plus heureux du prix : 1000$ canadien plus taxes (15%)pour un récepteur Sony STR-DE598 + Polk RM6900.Futur Shop (Chicoutimi). 10 août 2005.
I already had one, but I bought my wife one too. The sound quality and volume of the JBL flip 2 is awesome. A very portable size for the sound and the price is reasonable. I caught this product on sale around Thanksgiving.
I’ve had the speaker for a while now it performs outstanding it’s been to campfires on bike rides to the store and work I’ve never had an issue with it the battery last forever the waterproof feature is awesome
Great sub woofer next to my other Studio L speakers. The Stuido L890 goed deep, but the L8400 even deeper!
I bought these a few months ago now and they are still the same perfect headphones I bought from the site. Amazing sound quality and the noise cancelling is sublime and perfect for any environment your in. Totally worth the money
200% satisfied , go for it without any second thought. Best in class , got it for 20k in India. Clarity and bass is great. HDMI slot would have been a great add-on. Am surprised to see that am the first user to review this great sound bar.
Out of the box and immediately into service. Paired our devices seamlessly.  Big full sound from a very portable device.  Thank you Bose for your ongoing commitment to quality products.
Gave these to my 16 yo son as a gift. He says the sound quality and fit are fantastic. He is very picky about earbuds and audio gear in general. Fit is snug but solid and very comfortable.  Will buy another for myself when I need workout earbuds.
I need white noise to sleep while my spouse loves quiet. I got these as a Fathers Day gift and got the sleep I've been dreaming of. After months of not getting a good nights sleep, I had a deep and uninterrupted sleep.  These are awesome!
Bought this direct from jbl a week or 2 ago and couldn't be more satisfied. The sound, battery life and aesthetic look really trump the past few charge models.
just hooked them up... sound great!!!!great price.. fast delivery.....   great value..... free shipping
I bought this some days ago these headphones are really good they give a really nice isolation from noise and the earplugs fit really good and are very good for doing some jogging.
I bought several of these for myself, my daughters, and my brother. So far so good. Very happy with Julie products
I have had these great speakers since they came out. I have 3 amps hooked up. A Pioneer Elite (100 watts) which has a old Sansui Amp 919 (150 watts) connected to it for the bass, and a Nakamichi PA-5 (100 watts) for the highs. Remember there are 12 speakers to run here. Super speakers! Got power!
Got the headset today, the design is very considerate. The cord is short for exercise convenience, however, it has a separate extension cord in case longer string is needed. The sound quality is amazing, with strong bass. Love it!
Originally bought the charge 2+ which had issues with its battery was replaced by the charge 3 and honestly it was the best upgrade ever! I use the speaker everywhere home work in the car since the car doesn't have an auxiliary port the sound quality is amazing and the bass is the best!
I love this tool to help me study and reduce anxiety from noise and overloaded social chatter. Thanks! Best purchase in years!
I won't buy anythng but Bose I have been spoiled my tv, has the entire system plus I added mini speakers which gives me the movie theatre effect . I have their cd radio in my bedroom , speaker for my computer and I just purchased these wireless headset Love Love Love them
I bought the JBL endurance jump wireless earphones about 2 weeks ago. True, they don’t fall out nor do they hurt my ears. I would have given 5 stars but had a problem today connecting with my iPod nano. Hopefully this is an easy fix.
I bought these 2 weeks ago and have been working out in the gym and running on the  treadmill.  I sweat alot and they give me no problems. I love  the sound and seem to be able to run further without any problems.
This is my system which is geared for music only . 400 watts per sub is nice! One will do the trick for most home theaters . Two will bring the house down! Hopefully they will last . Have fun !!!
I got one of these little Micro's for myself and my grandson. We both just love the sound and features.
Best Headphones I have ever owned. They are addictive I can't seam to get enough of them. Really easy to setup and connect. I have 3 other headsets and this one beats them hands down
I've had this sub for about a month and I am very impressed with the quality of the sound as well as the overall build quality. Great sub, really fills up my room. Could not ask for a better sub in 8" range.
I bought these speakers after spending many weeks of shopping 25 years ago and I am still happy with them.
the thing is this particular product is not available anymore which is really annoying , Could you guys at least when will be this product available again ? a lot of people are looking for it
This sub is nothing but greatness. The bass is clear and crisp. I have a set of Kenwood surround speakers and this matches them perfectly. You get a lot of boom for your bucks.
I went shopping for a good sub at a resonable price and this sub was the one! It has change my 5.1 surround system 180 degrees. It rattles the pictures off my walls and has a great low end sound with no distortion. I would recomend this sub to anyone!
I use this subwoofer in my bedroom, and it is perfect. The bass sounds great, the subwoofer can hit all tones effortlessly. It sounds perfect with music and for home movies. THIS SUBWOOFER WILL COMPLETE ANY HOME THEATER SYSTEM! I LOVE IT!
Strong materials, very powerful amp., sound is tight and clean, got connected to an Alpine 12inch 2ohm 1200watt max speaker and it move it flawlessly with a barbaric wonderful bass sound.
Best priced speaker that exceeds much higher priced systems. Exceptional performance for speaker sizes, good definintion, separation, and music interpretation. You cannot go wrong with these!
My Husband just bought this for me yesterday. Ii love the sound and that i can use it with my android tablet and phone i would recommend it to anyone
This is the best speaker for the money it is water proof and the sound quality is awesome my whole family loves these speakers
It's been 5 days and all the time on my head... Voip calls, film, music... all great. I'm a traveller and on the planes all the time; no engine voice, not at all, I'm sleeping like a baby now on the plains. And basses and high freq. OMG!!! It worths every dime...
I purchased this after seeing it on GMA. It is exactly what I need. I use it mainly for phone calls. The Bluetooth connectivity was so easy to setup. For conference calls, it allows me to continue working while being a part of the conversation.
I own medium class IEMs from Westone and while they are awesome, these outperform them regarding cleanliness and atmosphere. Not size though, as the N5005 are rather large. Once again I am astonished how good IEMs can sound. (Note: I am affiliated with this company.)
very nice speaker but needs bi-wiring to really put out all it has .  I have them wired to my b speakers on a marantz h.t 7500 and it really cleans up the sound try it you won,t be disappointed
Got it for  mission trips and it’s amazing! versital, great sound, and uses less than 80watts so I can run it from anywhere, even my car!
So happy that I bought this. Its small but has awesome quality. Easy to use and set up. I am so thrilled that I purchased this, it will be getting a lot of use!
Thisnis the speaker that's fun for the entire family!  The sound is great and everyone loves the colors.  Its cool to use the feature that allows you to match the speaker's color with the color of Anything around you.   Cool stuff!
Being a Seahawks fan and this neon green being one of my favorite colors, I jumped at the chance to customize these headphones in pure Seahawks green! I'm a Bose fan with many things in mayhem but these are sic & a great addition!
Excellent earphone when listening to the piano,the violon,and so on.. it performance very good... listen at night....it is an enjoyment though it a bit hard to drive... but on the other hand,K601 is so excellent...
purchased as christmas gift for my son. Incredible volume for small speaker. Clean sound, quick charge. convenient wrist strap to carry or hang places. He is thrilled.
Love that these headphones stay in place while I run.  I love the added features of microphone, volume and and the reflective cord.
Better than I could have hoped for, people keep asking where I have hidden the sub woofer. !! Best kit I have bought in a long while.
Great sound quality and even better display loved the newer features like the connect and water resistant
I purchased 2 and love them. The app is good once you know how to use it. The one negative is the lack of descriptive instructions.  On Cyber-Monday I paid $149.99 each was the icing on the cake.
Used for 3 months now & they're the best for running I've ever used. Never fall out when sweaty & easily last the length of my (fairly short!) run :-)
When we put them in good position in the ears the sound clear and strong bass... excellent. But not easy to do like that and them loose out of good position easily... sound too thin without bass... poor.
Ybx7hx  <a href="http://kyfftqymtmnw.com/">kyfftqymtmnw</a>, [url=http://zcepduuexmav.com/]zcepduuexmav[/url], [link=http://nijdabvxvvdu.com/]nijdabvxvvdu[/link], http://wjgfpqtwczux.com/
Truly exceptional...there is an immediacy and impact--both sonic and emotional--with the 590's that is absent from all but perhaps the top 2% of most 'real world' speakers. Off-the-charts price-to-performance, legitimately world-class...well done, JBL.
I got this for $249 not $349 in the shop and sounds amazing! So far the only thing I find annoying is when the Bluetooth cuts out for a second but apart from that it’s good!
Love the headphones. Wish the over ear part was a little bigger but other than that really great product
Easy and very comfortable to use  The sound is great and clear The price is the cheapest among other wireless headphones
My weekend car is actually garaged at the moment so I'm using it in my home entertainment system. Powered by a 500 watt computer power source. It sounds great. The remote is nice. I've spent twice as much and not been as happy.
Fantastic product with the usual great Bose sound.  Have added this to my Wave SoundTouch IV, so now can play the same music in two different rooms at the same time.  As it is very portable it can easily be moved to any room in the house that has an electric socket.
Great open and natural sound! Best portable I've heard. If you're an audiophile it compares favorably to a warm (but accurate) tube sound (vs. transistors). Great mid range. It's only limited by the quality of the signal you feed it--a great signal sounds extraordinary.
i bought these due to a few people on a facebook page recommended them. i am blown away from the quality sound!
Just installed basspro8 in my 2011 Jeep jk, it is exactly what the system needed! Had to turn the gain back, was rattling my console, had to do some modifying to my front seat to put it under drivers seat , but not much. Absolutely rounded out my sound. Could not be happier. Thank you JBL!!
I have never ever been disappointed in a Bose product and I am old and gray and have had and have most of the products. Quality always and the design of each product is superb. To add to this, the customer service is absolutely the best. Thank you
I wish I could actually listen with the full volume but it's to loud for my busy environment. Sound is very clear and detailed even at low volume and I'd recommend it, it could $$ much more! Always JBL, can't go wrong :)
Great product,  great sound ! Only had it for a couple of weeks so I can not speak for longevity yet.
i bought my in july.these are the best headphones to get.Reasons 1. there light2.great sound.3. you could wear them all day
Just bought my JBL Pulse 2 yesterday and I loved it! The only thing is I am trying to figure out where did they put the light modes that was available on JBL Pulse 1. I really miss that!
Had the speaker for 2 years. Use it regularly. Battery is still good. Have no complains other than the buttons are loosing it's shine. Other than that it's a good little speaker.
I was looking for a decent small speaker for work and I'm very impressed. It's a good value for such a terrific sound. I work in a maintenance shop and only have to turn it up half way. The sound is nice and clear
I bought this a while ago and its amazing I have know problems with it it was very easy to hook up.i got it in the mint green color and everybody was amazed when I hosted my outside parties
When using this product in the Bose shop, I simply though it was a nice additional accessory.  I was wrong. The charging cradle is incredibly well designed. It's also wonderfully easy to use.
I bought these couple weeks ago and very happy with these items . The prices were incredibly, and lke as usual great quality very clear and comfortable fit in my ears .
Very well designed and styled speaker unit, from a top notch company.  Really delighted with this Flip4.  The transaction through JBL directly was extremely straightforward and professional.  I'd have no hesitation in following this route again.
Research done I was committed to Bose, and with excellent service at Carindale am the proud owner of an acoustic dream. Ergonomic and reassuringly robust it is perfect for everything.
The pure sound at all sound levels and frequencies was incredible. I owned 4 of these for five years and had tobsellnthem.  Imintendbto hut four more of the RTaa1's as soon as possible.
The detail in these Atruim 45's is excellent, the mids are decent and the lows are, as expected from a speaker this size, weak.  Most people aren't looking for an audiophile speaker that they leave outside, this is a great bang for the buck speaker (look for Fry's specials on them).
I just bought this today. I am moving today and must say i did more dance than pack. The sound is unbelievable. So happy with this unit. Thank you Bose for coming out with this portable speaker.
very impressed by the sound reproduction of this unit. It's accurate and versatile. You can use it as a simple bluetooth speaker for you ipod or as a speaker to make your favorite TV shows boom. The AUX input is an excellent feature. GREAT speaker!
I got this for Christmas and WOW what a gift - so amazing for sound and the life of the battery. Would totally recommend this to any music lover =D
I've had this remote for about a year and use it daily. I don't usually take it out of the stand. It's very well built and the range is incredible. You don't have to point it at the radio.
I have been using Yurbuds earphones for many years and they have been the best at staying in my ears during my running and workouts at the gym!  The sound has also been excellent.  My most recent purchase of Inspire 100s continue to impress me with both the sound and avbility tostay in my ears.
I bought these for my partner and his words "Best present ever"  First time in his life he could hear so well with excellent clarity and noise reduction.
I went to best buy planning to purchase a soundlink mini. But when I played it next to the color, the difference was barely noticeable. The mini may have slightly more base, but not $70 worth. I am thrilled with the sound quality of the color and highly recommend it.
First time I'm using jbl for home theather and wow amazing sound I'm been using  jbl for car audio for long time so I give it a try this thing puts smile on my face
I really like these headphones great quality and everything! But i just wish bose would have put some more bass other than that great headphones!
I bought these to play basketball and they sound AMAZING! I strongly recommend getting these earbuds
I bought the Bose Soundlink Mini II and it's connected to my open reel. I am absolutely amazed with the sound quality. It has a full rich sound and a delight to listen to. The built quality and friendly operation is second to none. I would recommend this to anyone.
I've had the speaker a month and super love the quality and how easy it is to use.  And I found that in using the phone charging feature way more than I expected because it's so handy.
Wow! Took it out of the box, paired it with my Samsung Galaxy and now I am enjoying the beautiful sounds of Christmas from Pandora. Soundlink Mini Bluetooth II may be tiny but it delivers sound like the big boys! Thank you Bose.
I purchased a Charge 3 on April 13.  We charged it and used it for the entire 5 hour party and it's been sitting on my desk since then with almost daily use and the battery is still good.  Sounds good and was able to fill a full room.
These headphones look a bit bulky, but they feel really comfortable. The sound quality is very clear and they work pretty far away from my phone.
I purchased expecting a lot and was blow away by the sound. I have a  100 watt Fosgate and these speakers eat it up! They are crystal clear and have great frequency response. The bass is perfect and is almost good enough to eliminate a sub.
I just got these today and my first impression is very good. The sound is great and they stay in place while working out or while running. Only thing I'd say is a minus is that these don't have magnetic lock on the ear buds, which is quite the downer.
I always thought Bose were way outside my price bracket. This Soundlink is so affordable and gives great sound. I find I'm not using my big Denon system and just listening to Spotify via my iPad on the Soundlink instead. So much easier.
Purchased these headphones directly from Bose. The price of these headphones has dropped down significantly and although QC35 offers more features, for the price you can't beat QC25. Sound quality and noise cancelling is amazing. You have to try it to believe it.
Very happy with this,purchase.  The sound is *great*, and there's such ease moving it from space to space.  Highly recommended!
The JBL Flip 4 is my first bluetooth speaker.  I am simply amazed at the sound quality - including the deep rich bass.  Syncing with my phone was quick, simple and trouble-free.  I should have bought one of these a long time ago.  Great value - great speaker.
These speakers are no joke. If you dont have much room to have subs...these are what you need...I have a Chevy S-10 reg. cab..and they absolutley POUND! Maybe if i get a bigger box for these bad boys they will hit harder
If I have one complaint with these, after have QC35s for several years.  It seems that they do not do well connecting to cellphones in holders/pockets.  Not what I expected based on the price. I would recommend then though, comfortable and despite that issue, sound quality is excellent.
MY BROTHER WORKS FOR CIRCUIT CITY AND SUGGESTED THESE SPEAKERS TO ME. I WAS RELUCTANT BECAUSE I LIKED THE SOULD OF THE INFINITY SPEAKER, BUT I WENT WITH HIS OPINION-AND AM I EVER PLEASED. THE SOUND IS VERY GOOD AND WITH MY POLK SUB, THE ROOM FILLS WITH SOUND NICELY. ABSOLUTELY NO DISSAPOINTMENTS!!
I've been watching like a hawk for these to come out in spring as I wanted it for my long haul trips. Unfortunately
Can't believe how awesome these pair of headphones are, fits in tight, didn't come off during my workout at all!! During cardio, weight training and abs, fit is perfect!! Sound cannot possibly complaint, JBL nails it everytime!! Love my pair!!
I usually am very careful while selecting lifestyle brands. Bose products suffer often from bloated bass and rolled off treble. But this one is really good. Best wireless in its class. Far better than momentum in ear wireless and beats x.
I have owned for about 5 years now and they are Great on Music  and Great on movies .  you want speakers you can count on for Quality  Buy these.  Respectfully MKW
i love my new polk speakers, i actually have them in my master bedroom. I have a whole polk system downstairs also. i love polk speakers, they give off a good sound. these speakers replaced a weak old sony system. Does not even compare. i bought a pioneer receiver and it kick butt.
Tried a few  including the boise mini 2  this seems to have the best sound- question? is there a way go to forward or back to last or  next song etc
I bought these for my weekly flying commute, they have been a dream, cancelling out all bar the slightest of noise and making my journey fly bye, please excuse the pun!
I love the Soundtouch music system but the one thing I miss is a connection to my iPod that would allow me to control it from the system and use the sleep mode to shut it off so I can listen as a fall to sleep at night.
I was, at first, unsure if this little device could produce the sound I was looking for; however, I've come to find that this little powerhouse is a great portable speaker! The clarity of the sound outputted is unreal,and does not distort no matter how loud you make the volume
This speaker packs a punch. I can’t say enough great things about. It’s  easy to connect and it plays crystal clear. We love using it inside and outside. My husband and I both have our phones connected and can switch quickly between the two. It’s a must have speaker!
My husband did the research but he chose well. We play our AppleMusic streaming app via bluetooth & works it perfectly, as well Spotify (easy to link up). No problems, very, very happy with everything about it - sound, ease of use, etc, etc. Love it!
I like it BUT  i got splashed by some water near my shower and every now and then you can here a crackling noise. So be careful even tho they say it water proff
My little girl loves these headphones very bright and attractive and the fact they come with stickers and she could decorate them herself made it even more of a bonus! The sound quality is spot on and the fact they can be sized adjusted means they will last longer! Overall fab item, very happy!
I bought this less than a month ago and the left bud died. Thankfully, it has a lifetime warranty so I am getting a replacement soon, hopefully.
They sound amazing and the calls on them are clear.  These were really the best headphones I have ever had.
i've got 2 dvc 10's in an sealed enclosure in my 96 trans am and they hit hard and sound awesome...i've got an hifonics zues amp pushing them and they never flinch under high power....great work polk...definately sound and perform better than fosgate, memphis audio, mtx and jl audio......
I bought this about a month ago, and I don't have any regrets about my purchase. The sound is awesome. The battery life is even better. Though I haven't tried the waterproof feature, I'm sure I won't have any inconveniences. One of my best buys ever! Thanks JBL!
Is a very clear sound and perfect device to hear all instruments and clear voices also Bose give facilities to pay ,I recommend this product. Excellent
The base in this speaker impresses me every time I use it ! It is very loud however it could be louder. My biggest problem with it, is that it is quite heavy for a portable speaker (you can obviously still carry it easily but it’s just abit heavy). Overall this is a great buy !
I bought a SoundLink a while ago and I must say I am very impressed. It has very good sound quality with very good bass, but what I’m most impressed by is it’s build quality. I wanted a speaker I could chuck in a bag and toss around a bit, and Boses build quality never disappoints.
This by far is one of the best speakers out by far. A little on the expensive side... but you will not be disappointed. Definitely an instant party where ever you go...
Got this for the wife. On mothers days gift. She love it so much it's alway on. The sound is amazing!! And the bass is deep. Will buy again.
I received this headphone as a gift. Works great with my phone. I have only used at home so far. It is comfortable to lie down with it.
This is an amazing speaker, I have it paired with the L880s, I wasn't sure what to expect from this speaker on how much it really adds to the sound. It's a solid and well built speaker.
I got this package this summer and it is by far one of the best systems I ever heard. I got a kicker 300.1 monoblock amp hooked up in a 1994 ford aspire hatchback and it bangs so loud. I am about to purchase another pair and put all four in the hatchback.
I bought this a two weeks ago and very happy that I decided to get this instead of the beats studio, I highly recommend this headphones from the comfort to how amazing the sound quality is.
This is the second pair of JBL earbuds that I have bought. They fit well in your ears and the sound quality is excellent!
just purchased the cs2 center channel speacker and it brought my system to life as i have never heard before. thank you polk.
Purchased this product for outdoors and just to mess around. I have to say I love it! It’s super small and compact. It is nice to have around if you need a boost in audio quality from your phone. All in all, it’s a great speaker.
Just bought two 12" DXi subwoofers. Used them to replace blown Yamaha subwoofers in two 3-way home speakers (running them at 8omh). The sound is very impressive. The Polks handle high volume and maximum base with incredible ease. Glad I didn't get the Pioneers or Kenwoods. Good job, Polk.
I am the proud owner of a Lifestyle surround sound system,  a Boss clock radio player, and a Bose seven speaker car system.  I love the sound and portability of my new  Soundlink mini and would recommend it to anyone.
I picked this up on 10/18/2015. Must say just blown away. JBL was a brand of quality when I was in the Army in Germany. I picked this up on what I knew back then, so happy that it is just as true today. To make the right selection pick JBL.
I’ve been using my set for a month.  Got them for Christmas.  Best sound and feel.  never needs readjusting during any workout
I went out to purchase a portable Speaker and I got just that and more. I love that JBL can package such a big punch in a quite small package. I would definitely refer to all my Friends
I was skeptical when I bought these earbuds, however they are now my favorite earbuds ever. They are very comfortable and they stay in your ears like glue while running and during vigorous workouts. They also sound great and I really like the quality feel of the cord.
best in this class. if u want just gud clarity of sound, go 4 sennheiser HD 203 or 202 II. bt JBL tempo on ear gives more sound 4 my Galaxy Note. I am satisfied with its quality. Sony MDR-XB400 extra bass low freq headphones is also gud in this range, bt perfection is 4 JBL.
I won the flip-2 and use it every day at work,it never disappoints me always ready to go and perform. Love it.  Thanks.
they could deliver them with usb c because many already use usb c cables for their mobilephones and some people wait until they buy new devices. and they should support wifi...
I bought this sup a few weeks ago! Man if you what a great sound for bass ! This sub is awesome! I know that technology has changed, I glad I bought this sub , you want bad here it is , amazing! Jbl allways has been my favorite! Very satisfied with my buy!
I Bought the Xtreme.   I might want to try the Flip 3 too!  Can I pair both at the same time even though they are different models?
Being my first Universal remote it was a challenge at first but with the help of some internet searches for help I got the hang of it and now I'm buying another one for the upstairs TV and second Bose Solo sound system we bought.
I bought these to pair with a set of ES20s. My only note is that they are a bit quieter than the ES20s, so it might help to have a way to adjust the volume. The sound is great though - very clean.
4 stars - no amp, 5 stars with amp. Installed two pair in my boat five years ago and still going strong. Nothing wrong with not having an amp but with one it brings them more to life (perhaps a comment on my JBL receiver?). Great bass & highs.
I don't give the 5 stars because it's not a 360* speaker and sometimes the bass is that strong that you can hear some weird noises with the vibrations. But in general the quality is great and the fact that it's waterproof makes it good for every adventure.
It add rich sound and clarity that you'll be blown away! Perfect for any sounds you wish but for me watching a movie is a top notch!
JBL has always made great speaker systems....and this sound bar is just more proof that they do! We just bought one for our daughter ...she loved this se sound of ours. Don't have to go to the theatre...we have it in the bedroom!! ALSO, this speaker is MADE IN AMERICA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Astonishing Performance !!!  This sound bar has replaced my existing Home theater system.  This product works excellent for any kindly of Music.  The only negative point is lack of display option.
These are Great Headphones.They block out sound really well. They don't take long to pair with your phone.The Battery life is fantastic. My Son uses them for everything, he absolutely loves them.Great quality.
Really good speaker for the money, but compare to the JBL LC1, the JBL LC2  doesn't have a bass, just a lil bit ,  with the lc1 u will feel the bass if you don't have a sub ...
I am thankful that there is a supple of old headphones. However, I could not find a true fit for my white headphones. I need a white audio cable and not black!!
I was looking for kid safe headphones that sounded good and fit good. I have 2 other JBL bluetooth speakers and as predicted these would Sound GREAT too! My 7 year old grand daughter Loves them.
I bought my system the day before Memorial Day and set it up that night with ease. I enjoyed my music while cooking on the holiday. I am thinking about getting another one so I can really annoy my neighbors. Lol.
I walk a lot on noisy streets and these earbuds really cancel the noise, with other earbuds I am unable to listen to audio books but the sound is perfect with my Bose buds.
Finally an earphone design to fit your ear. It doesn't fall or hurt.  The phone works fine. The remote is useful.  I am just waiting for a wireless version that looks like this one.
Very good sound. Comfortable for long hours... great battery, works great with phone and computer at the same time.
Polk has done it again with an affordable, versatile, GOOD sounding multi-application loudspeaker.  Fit and finish is excellent, driver components lean towards a more expensive MSRP. Great in a multiroom system, home theater, or near field monitors (as I used them with my laptop).
wow, i had two gnx124's, then i saw this woofer on sale at circuit city for 70 bucks. this hits so much better and it is way cleaner and louder then both the gnx124's on the same amp. i'm running 600watts to it @ 4ohms.
This is the most comfortable headphone i've used. I use it a lot playing playstation 4 and with my iPhone 7.
Purchased for Christmas as a joint present to replace our ageing Pioneer unit.The sound is very good but a bit heavy on base . However exceptional quality and worth every penny.
I was given tthese a little over two years ago and I am absolutely in love with them. The sound totally fills the room, and it is crisp and clean. They clean very easily and I have never had a problem with them. 10/10 would recommend!
I've been using the Flip 3 for a month now, and I could not be happier. Rich sound, great range, only had to charge it twice this whole month. Looks great, sounds better, right price.
I bought this as i needed a new speaker as my beats pill stopped working, glad I did. Everything on this speaker is better that beats. ( I wish in the future JBL will release an update to connect+ as I also have a flip 4)
Really great sound for all modes. Have listen to DVD, DTS ,DVD-A, CD still even have a turntable. Mostly watch movies and these speakers are well built, look nice , have wonderful bass and highend.   My system : Yamaha 2095  Technics DVD A10 RT800i main cs400i center rt25i front effect SRT-rear
Bad first. I didn't get them sooner.  All good for me. All day comfort. Earbuds stay in during activities.Distortion free. No super bass but enough bass. Great for phone use. Nice gift. Quality chords and light weight neck band keep them safe and secure when not in use.
excellent clear sound with powerful bass. I love that the volume range. The setup is not the easiest but the calibration its easy and really improves the acoustics for your area. the app its very nice but with a little delay.
Sound quality is great, sometimes I feel like it also a noise cancelling headphone. I like them but the horn tips don't stay on as good as I wished. I just lost one and will have to get it replaced.
i just installed momo 6750 db in my opel astra and the sound perfect there running on a dls amp (4x50 rms + 1 x 150 rms)  the amp is just perfect for the job
I'm very happy with the devise. I wish I had some control over the equalizer but overall it sounds great.
My husband bought this speaker as a gift for our anniversary and we have both thoroughly enjoyed it. The sound is great, pairing is very easy, and the battery life is excellent. We take it with us in our truck so we can listen to online radio shows.
I've had this for around half a year and everything is still good, apart for the button where you can change between the outdoor and indoor modes. I know that no damage was done it it but it has just completely stopped working.
Bought my first Mini Soundlink 7 years ago and just bought a second one to complement the first. Never fails to amaze me, fantastic sound from such a compact box - love it !
seems just like a new pair of soundlinks. if this doesn't appeal to you, buy warrenty and you're covered.  works like new!
We bought 3 in the last month 2 were gifts and everyone is very happy with the clarity and ease to bring along anywhere.
The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because it does not connect with my Flip 3.  I was really disappointed by that.  The sound is so great on this speaker!  I bought one for myself and came back and bought 2 more for Christmas gifts.
Bi-wired performance is superb-- very clear, strong sound even when heavily bi-amped. An excellent center speaker.
Bought this headset and so far it has been awesome. Use at home with my cellphone as a hands free headset and at the gym to listen music while working out.
I bought this for my 17 year old and he loves it. He uses it as a computer speaker and then unplugs and brings it with him wherever he goes!
I love my new job boombox, I also have a jbl xtreme I was trying to connect it but it isn't connecting what am I suppose to do that I should know.
Bought it two years ago and didn't have any major problems. At the beginning, there were few lacks with Bluetooth connection but after update, speaker works great! It is incredible product that delivers so rich sound from such a small box for very low price.
When I was at a Bose store, I was a bit held back at first due to the fact that it was a new product , but once in tried them on, it was a done deal. I purchased a set right then and there. I love these headphones. These are good for any ocassion
I purchased a Revolve + expecting it to be pretty good, it exceeded my expectations so I purchased another to link them for true Stereo sound.  They certainly do what it say's on the carton.
Typical of Bose, large sound in a small package. love the sound quality and individual bass control. The universal remote is easily programmed and controls ALL my devices. You get what you pay for....Love it.
Play a movie like war of the worlds.  Turn the volume up to 12, and the bass won’t distort with this.  Takes time to break in, but once it does the bass response it’s great.  Just don’t expect it to have the same sound as a ported enclosure, BUT it does not disappoint at all.
I wanted the best possible sound in my Google Assistant, and this is it! The Screen is also really beautiful. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for great sound in their smart speaker/display!
Very durable. Great sound quality. I did find that one of the buds hurt my ear after long wear but that may just be because I have small ears.
I plugged the mic into a USB port, the computer immediately recognized it. Integration into Audacity is seamless and the sound reproduction is everything you'd expect from a good condensor mic.  This is a great little mic for home studios with computer control.
I don't hear as well as I age but this was without a doubt, the smartest purchase for my pc I ever made! These dynamic speakers sound as good as my wave radio or 301's. Full rich and clear sound at all pitches. Thanks Bose!
Got this for my MS-Bass Pro SQ and it is so easy to use. I listen to all kinds of music, so if one song has plenty of bass and another needs some added, just a turn of the knob and BAMM it's there!!!!
I received these headphones as a gift and haven't stopped listening since. They are perfect when on the go. Allow you to be enjoy music and take calls all in the click of a button!
It was awesome in an open ground with around 50 audience. Also the product is specifically designed for vocals than for playing the prerecorded high bass music. so do not buy this if you will use only for listening audios/songs. if you are a speaker, then this is best.
Bought this 4 years ago and still sounds like its new.keep in mind I like my music loud so its always on high volume. its little costly but its worth every penny.
I absolutely love JBL. The sound is so clear and crisp I could listen to it all day long. 100% recommended!
Fantastic sound, especially when two speakers are combined for L+R! I am a devoted Bose user, but almost gave it back as the set up process was brutal. Not intuitive and confusing at best. Had to tackle it as a science project, but it was worth it at the end.
For this price it is a very fine quality headset. I bought it as an Xbox party earplug but the quality was so fine I use it as my main headset now.
These headphones are great! The bluetooth works good and i can answer calls and listen to music without any wires getting in the way! They aint the loudest but the bass sounds decent i would reccomend them
I bought these yesterday from Target and I have to say 10/10 great headphones charging case is awesome. Battery life is exceeding expectations
Excellent sounding speakers for their price.  I got them for my 2-channel system with no Sub.  The bass was a little lacking for what I was looking for.  Traded them in for the RTi6's.  Much happier now.  Polk does make a very good speaker.
I bought this for my husband for his birthday and he absolutely loves it! He and his new JBL Flip are in his man cave just partying. Plus he took it with him on his business trip. I'm sure the folks next to him in the hotel are not too happy! Thank you!
Own two pair just in case  best ever over all i kinds of music not just the bass that seems to be a problem it's not the sound is crisp and clear and yes I've tried them all and returned . Praying for the day they make Truly wireless I will buy them
Very impressive audio component, for it's size it truly puts out sound and everyone that heard it look twice and asking "from that little speaker"? Thanks JBL!
I bought this a couple weeks ago and absolutely fell in love! This product was everything I was looking for. Most definitely will be recommending to friends
I got these headphones almost 2 years ago and I absolutely love them. I can wear them for hours without my ears hurting and the sound quality is great for anything. Definitely worth the extra money and better than other brands of the same price range.
Great deal. Pick up open box RTi28 for rears. These speaker were under $700 and kill sets my friends have they spent over $1800. Very happy. Compared with much more expensive systems and this was better.
Brought theses a few months ago as my iPhone ear buds could handle my training and music love! Crystal clear sound and let's just enough background noise in so you know whats going on around you but didn't make it destructing
I Bought This Speaker 5 Days Ago & So Far, It Sounds Way Better Than When Put Next To My 2 Extremes Or My 2 Jbl Pulse’s! Expensive But Worth it.
It took some time to get them to fit just right but once the fit was correct the sound was good especially for the price. The volume is lower on them as compared to previous sets I've had.
I bought this system 3 weeks ago and is one of the most elite systems I had. The sound quality, the compressed rays of music are out of this world. The only problem is that is difficult to install wireless speakers (Wifi) in the outside area.
Just bought another pair just because I couldn't find any pair that would come even close to these... However the reason I had to buy a second pair is because when using my first pair I started to hear static in both ears when the active noise canceling was on :(
I bought these on sale to replace 12 yr. old Infinity Beta 20's. They are used for 2 channel stereo in my bedroom. The weight is pretty heavy, and they feel solid. For the price I think they are a pretty good deal.  The sound quality is good.
Just got a pair for stereo music.   In the first impression, its highs and mids are much better than its bass.   But, when I mounted the speakers on wall. its bass become much deeper and stronger.   Excellent performace.
Polk has a great reputation for audio products. Installation was a snap on my 2000 Isuzu Rodeo. Would recommend to anyone.  You would figure that the tweeters would stay in the cups differently and more secure but they don't.
Seriously, nothing else comes close in this price range or size.  It blows me away every time that so much sound is coming from such a small package.  I also own the JBL Extreme and this little speaker can hold it's own against it in a small room.
I bought one, then went right back for a second... incredible bass and battery life.... must have stereo feature... buy two, if you can afford it... better than my car audio with Note8 and VLC
i install the c500.1 mono block amp to the sub and it sounds great but i know it can take more power.
I bought it just yesterday...its pretty amazing sound... the bass.... its so nice that it caught my attention when i visited one of their store in SM North... so now I have the blue color...
This produces the softest chimes and solid bass yet remain comfortable to listen  (i.e. not deafening).
I could not believe how well music sounds on these.  I bought them to help me hear phone conversations better as I am hearing defective but music incredible through them.
Amazing Speaker!  Very loud and it has fantastic BASS! AND IT'S WATERPROOF!  ( IM IN HEAVEN)!   GREAT PRODUCT!  THANK YOU!
It works very well with Spotify and their battery life is long enough for all but the longest of flights.
I used these recently while hiking in Death Valley and they worked perfectly.  Held in place the entire hike and sounded great.  Surprisingly good bass!
I just watched the movie Hacksaw Ridge.  It felt like you were on the battlefield with the soldiers.  The sound fully envelopes you.   I would like to see the connectors at the back of the unit brightly coloured to make them easier to see when connecting the cables.
I just bout a pair of the eon one. I still have my JBL EONS G2 and JBL JRX 118 Powered Subs which have been great for years. The EON ONE'S are a total upgrade making gigs easier. Well worth the buy. I finally replaced my old system.
I planned in buying sound system in the future but after hearing this sound bar in the store I bought, I was simply blown away and immediately bought it even though not in my urgent plans. No regrets of getting it and a treasure to keep to yourself, your family, love ones or to any sound lovers!
I love the quality sound. The soundlink color was easy to set up and works great. Well worth the money.Thank you BOSE
I bought this item for my sons birthday, I was a little concerned that it would not be enough, but upon install I was extremely pleased with the output from this one box
I can't expect more from JBL. This headphone is truly the landmark for JBL. The sound is very powerful. I can feel the deep lows similar to a home surround speaker. The build quality is great . I like the leather touch on the band. It is one of the best big size headphone out there.
I just bought this speaker this week, It was definitely worth the money, you don't have to sacrifice sound over size and I listen to it all the time through my macbook, iPhone, and iPad. It even tells you which device it's connected to. Wonderful device would definitely recommend over any other.
i purchased these at the end of august they are superb speakers with quality sound for a bookshelf speaker i highly recommend these speakers
Great sound and very comfortable without the hassle of a cord. Easy to connect to Bluetooth, great range, good battery life and charges very quickly. Overall a great pair of headphones.
Our Bose cd and am/fm player would pickup lots of stain on FM so we bought and have begun using this antenna and have not (as yet) experienced any static.
I bought the headphones last year  So I've tested them well enough  And bose has done it again, The QC 35's are the best headphones ive ever had and I've tested many  Sound quality is on point  Bass clear and deep. Design beautiful  The noise cancellation will bring you to your world of music
I installed these to complete my Polk Audio 5.1 setup and the surround soundstage has opened up to the point of amazing.
I bought these are year ago and no matter what you listen to it reproduces the sounds the way it was mentioned to be heard.i love these headphones because it's like a live soundtrack on stage.
I used several brands and the last one I used was a Bose Soundlink I borrowed from a friend. I didn't want to pay 200.00 for a headphones, but wanted great quality. I do not regret and do not miss the bose at all. I loved these headphones so much. Thanks JBL!
I am sooooo happy with my purchase! I don't need anything else! Every time someone comes to my place and here's my music playing through my speaker, they want to go and purchase one for themselves. I won't be needing any other stereo component at all!!!
I took advantage of the Black Friday price and got a very good deal on these wireless Bluetooth earbuds. I’m impressed with the bass tones and highs these earbuds can handle!
Finally tired of buying cheap but effective in-ear headphones that work fine for a couple of months I doddled into John Lewis and bought a pair of these, very nice sound, great for music, not bad for TV and Movies. I wear them almost exclusively on the train.
Got these a couple of weeks ago and use them all of the time.  Great for working out and way more stable than my wife's airpods.  Sound quality is very impressive for bluetooth.  I highly recommend them.
Just bought them. I had the SIE2i and the cord was too short and it didn't fit in my iPhone with my case. These are amazing! Sweat resistant-water proof, good length cord, cool colors, fits my case with my iPhone, and amazing sound! A must buy!!
Awesome sounding speaker for its size! and the battery time is excellent! The fact that you can charge your phone as well is super!
The headphones meet all my expectations and I love them. They are a little pricy, but you get what you pay for.
I just mounted these to YAMAHA V-MAX 1200 a.k.a  "THE Harley Davidson Beater" oh yeah,  i eat up them weekend warrioring MARY'S on thier HD's all day every day but this is niether here nor there i suppose but even with LOUD PIPES I can hear my music loud and clear
I JUST GOT THESE CONNECTED VERY EASY TO MY SAMSUNG PHONE,VERY SOFT AND COMFORTABLE IN MY EARS,FITS PERFECT VERY SMALL THEY DON,T STICK OUT,SOUND IS INCREDIBLE GREAT JBL SOUND,CANT GO WRONG FOR THE PRICE .
I bought this one day ago and I am first time user of bose product. I am happy with the product . I have seen reviews that lag in voice is there while some playing videos but I didn't face that my BBkey one .
I owned Bose Sound Sports last week, The BT earphone is good for person who goes for running / jogging or person who use gym there is no hassles of wire..... Features I like with Bose Sound Sports are  Easy to Connect, Comfortable to Wear Light Weight Of course the quality of sound...
These headphones are amazing. Best headphones I have ever experienced. They give off amazing sound. The headphones keep good charge. I found pairing them up to my television, iPod and Samsung phone extremely easy no problems. I love them
I bought this clip to have around the house. And it really gets the job done. I was hesitant to purchase after reading the reviews about battery life and sound, but I haven't had those issues so far. Big sound from a small speaker!!!
Best brand  Only brand I’ll ever buy I have a Bose Home Speaker 500 black and have my bass on 70 and treble 0 but more sound and bass comes out on the right side the left side is playing but does not sound the same as the right side that is more powerful
I love this sound link and it is easy to connect devices to them. This is where my problem lies. Everyone and anyone can connect to my speaker which is really annoying. I wish there was an optional way to passcode connect it.
I bought two wave music system one solo TV and another bose wave radio with Bluetooth excellent product. When I told them this is my 3rd wave radio why not throwing a free antenna? Guess what? Yes they did thanks a lot.
Awesome piece of kit. Exceptionally easy to set up and use. Easy to charge. Bluetooth aspect works like a charm and maximum volume is exceptional for the size of the speaker.
I haven't had them long enough but so far they are a good buy for the price... to clarify I bought them for $29.99 with free 2 day shipping during Cyber Monday so don't go spending 100s of $$ on them just yet...
The ATH-M50 has replaced my long standing go to pair of cans. No comparison. Not even close. Comfortable over time. Great for tracking but also a very viable mix tool. Very accurate. Brought back the fun of just listening through headphones for pleasure.
Just purchased from Fry's Electronics and installed it in my large family room. This was so easy to set up, it worked without any hitches. Programmed my Logitech Harmony remote to control the device. It's so great when you purchase something and it works right out of the box. Great job Polk
I bought this a two weeks ago. Sound is awesome. TX NR545 is the best receiver to be used with this system.
I bought this a few year ago and I thought the sound quality, built in microphone and voice prompt w/ voice assistant was amazing! Love the build! Thanks Bose for doing that!
Got this speaker for my office based on reviews. This speaker is fantastic! Crystal clear sound and great bass. Packs a serious punch, for its size. Great colors too. Can’t go wrong.
Great Speaker. I replaced my outdoor rock speakers with the Polk DB651 speakers, wow an amazing improvement , much louder, much clearer sounds at all levels.    Well worth the change !!
Love the sound for such a small speaker. The light show is fun, if limited, even though there are several modes.  The instruction manual is horrible, trying to be international, but the pictures are not intuitive. Fortunately you can figure out most stuff for yourself.
Bought these for my son's birthday and tried them out myself. Sounds really good and I like the way they fold up and come with a case. Not sure how durable they are yet but so far no complaints.
I am super impressed with the product. My TV speakers had a tinny sound with very little bass. What a difference! When I hooked up the sound bar it was like night and day. I've had several Bose products and have never been disappointed. Worth every penny, installation couldn't be easier either.
I got this a week ago and it is so good my hifi is now defunct it brings a whole new dimension to music, i can even make calls when my fones not in the room and the app is wonderful, it's very lightweight and easy to move around and so easy to work
Sound is great, a little low compared to jbl charge. But in no way the sound lacks something. The lights with the now introduced equaliser effect is just amazing!
I've Had These Phones For Almost A Year And Are Still Very Satisfied With Them A Excellent Pair Of Headphones Activate The Noise Cancelling Feature And All You Hear Is The Music.
I think it is just as good sound wise as the higher priced options in the smallest sizes.  I bought several more for gifts - everyone has loved them!
I purchased these in October 2014 for my long flight. They worked perfectly. No one heard me and I couldn't hear them lol. Go Bose
I purchased these headphones for my son in college. He finds that the noise cancelling feature allows him to study undisturbed by the noise associated with dorm life. In addition, they are very comfortable and great sounding when listening to music.
I have purchased this Cinemate (SoundTouch) 520 system in Feb 2015 and since then my living room has turned to a mini home theatre. great sound quality and amazing bass effect.
This is an amazing BT speaker!  Has so much versatility.  Only wish that I went with the higher version.
I like the R50s BUT they cant do anything the R30s cant do plus Consumer Reports have rated the R30s an excellent buy and the R50s just a good buy so you decide.
I got these headphones and I love them. Despite they are bluetooth the sound is great and the battery last for ever!
My boss bought the one that changes color , I fell in love with how loud it is that I bought mine right away. Was so excited to play it when I got it. I'm in love with this speaker. My house is 800sq feet and I hear it in all the rooms. Magnificent
Amazing sound quality and yes its worth every penny. Did not believe such a small easy to fit device would deliver such great clear base and sound all round. Excellent work from Bose again.
I bought this a month ago and in love with it since then, no regrets for the price paid. Worth it. Bass is perfect as well. Totally just in awe. 5 Star Rating.
Worth every cent. Plays loud and clear. Long Battery life. Has literally been taken everywhere I go small enough to pack away and carry in hand. Best blue tooth speaker. I would buy more range of JBL speakers in fact. Very easy to use
These speakers are great and worth every penny. I've been a huge fan of infinity and bose for a long time but these are unmatched
The bass is good and they have a lot of clarity.  The highs aren't piercing and the mids aren't muddy. The buds can be a little uncomfortable in the ears.
I own the RTi6 and RTi4's. Best speakers I've ever owned. Everything you read 'positive' about these little wonders is true. Great product at an unbeatable price. PolkAudio is the best.
Perfect for programmers. Last all day, can't hear a thing, and it only takes a week to adjust to them. I would rate 6 stars if it weren't for the excessively minimalist design and bland color options.
Great quality product! Quick and easy shipping.. needed it for party in two days and showed up right on time. Perfect for the back yard BBQ
Excellent sound & voice clarity.I have polk monitor 40 front speakers,polk pro 400 sub.  All together it sounds like the people are performing or singing right in the room with you.
I bought this about 3 weeks ago my daughter and I love it!. She absolutely loves the colours that resonate with the music. The sound of the speaker is bassy and not so tinny, which to our minds is a perfect portable bluetooth speaker. We are yet to try it with Siri feature (commands).
This arrived today. So glad we bought it. Radio picks up stations that my previous expensive Sony system couldn't. Just like another review, I never realised that cds could sound so good. Many thanks
I just bought my first flip 4 yesterday, and since I tried this one for the first time I've felt in love, the sound quality is amazing, I'm thinking about buying another couple!
Bose thought of everything with this product. The sound is amazing, lots of depth, volume and texture. It is so thin and unobtrusive it will work in any space. Set up is relatively simple and operation is intuitive. This is the device I've been waiting for and it is beyond all expectations.
They are very good headphone. With them on you don't hear a thing but you music. Like them a lot and are cheap for the value they have. Very happy with them.
I have two gnx124 in a sealed box, and man they hit real hard. I recomend them to anyone who likes hard hitting bass for a good price.
Just got the OMNI S2 and EXTREMELY pleased with it! Set up is a piece of cake and the sound is just AMAZING! I will surely add a few units to the house as this makes a great ALL OVER the House music system! Way to go POLK!!!!!!
Excellent surround in-ceiling speakers.  I bought these for my 11X18X8ft home theater, and they are great.  They demonstrate good highs and midrange, but their best strength is the deep bass from the subwoofer.  The super thin bezel disappears in my ceiling.  They were easy as pie to install.
I have 3 es250p these things are amazing I have also 4 jbl es80 wow they make a perfect combo together this subwwofer is nothing but quality
Bought one of these for all the family and office mates.  Extremely easy to use and makes an excellent speaker phone.
I a sound technician for more than 20 years the sound is owesome and the app works very good I can control the equalization and the. Features on the head ser the only probleM is the battery only during 6 hours
Everything fine for me, but one thing! Please update Soundtouch App for Remote control fuction to 'Aux' mode... ...
Great sound quality for a small little speaker. Portable, easy to connect...well worth it for the price.
This speaker sound very good and at a price of speakers costing two or three times as much.The mids and highs are very clean .It has great voice dialouge.It matches great with a set of monitot's 70.The cherry finish look good and not cheap.
Perfect for getting a speaker in a tight spot....blends in perfectly to a ceiling because of the size. Polk quality audio too...cant ask for more!
The sound is really good. Lightweight and good quality. The case is classy. Battery life is longggg. Just been close to a month but loving it totally.
This incredible music machine allows you to hear every note and it makes you feel like the artist is right there. I love this wave so much, I plan to buy another for my daughter.
these are perfect for when i go to the gym and do a hardcore workout, no need to worry about having to hold your phone, plus they give out a good quality sound.
Bought this soundlink years ago. Still works perfectly and sound quality is great. Highly recommend this speaker.
Sound is great with decent bass. The wires usually tear and I have to replace them too often. My last pair is about 8 months in and wires are exposed in several areas. Not sure they do make it for year.
I have had these for nearly a year and the sound and durability have been great. They have also just survived a wash with my laundry with no problems at all!!!
I purchased it last month, and it has become a pleasant habit to listening to music, inside and outside the house.
Bought these refurbished, but they were good as new (or better). You won't go better for the size and price.
I have bought these multiple times.  Work great and last.  The best fitting in ear headphones I have ever owned. Apple headphones just don't stay in my ears
Fancy! Good product with reasonable price. Only downside is hard to replace the connection cable on satellite speaker
I think that this is a great organization! I think this is a great way to get inspired and join an amazing organization.
I bought this a month ago not so thrilled with it although I love the design, didn’t get enough sound like I expected and it gets wet easily. Battery life is amazing and very indeed rugged
The JBL Charge 2+ provides classic JBL sound. You can clearly hear the lowest notes from an electric 5 string bass. You won't believe such huge sound can emanate from the small enclosure.
I thought I was getting the 5 `1/4" compont ones but these will do. Has great highs at any volume, as long as you have a good amp.
These are by far the best headphones I've ever owned!! The sound and clarity is amazing. I concerned they wouldn't cancel out sound but I can't hear anything but my music. These are totally worth the price!!
Bought this for my 8yr old. Adjustable so fits great. Sound is nice. Like that the cord is attached so it can’t be lost:)
I got a pair a week ago and like them so far. The sound quality is decent and the Bluetooth range is awesome. I was surprised by the distance the Bluetooth range is. One downside is for people with small ears the buds fall out pretty easily.
My kids got me a pair of these for CHristmas a couple years ago, was truly surprised at the sound quality from such a small package!! All my coworks comment on how good it sounds, a year and a half after it was bought.  I take one everywhere I go, the other was stolen by my wife....
I bought several of these as gifts for Christmas and liked it so much that I kept one for myself. It's small but mighty and has amazing sound that you expect from JBL. Excellent product at a good price.
If we talk about sound, I'd say "great". Perfect size and weight and good choice to use with your iPod... BUT you have to be very careful with the plug as it's quite delicate and a sudden stretching, even a soft one, could ruin your headphones. I miss a stronger plug like in model K24P
Just recieved mine today. It was easy to set up and sounds great. Pairing was very easy. I bought the cover and it's all very high quality. Very Happy !
Purchased this lil Go for a present,  opened it up to make sure it wasn't lame.  Omg. Wow. Amazing sound for such a tiny speaker.  Great for on the go fun.
Does all the things my old large system used to do in a fraction of the space.Very handy, since we have moved into a small flat.
Speaker sounds really good didn't think it could sound that awesome up against the wall is it a little Bass or hum you can say. Sounds really nice though.
Hey just received this in the mail today. Been charging it for a couple hours now n when I checked on it no light was on while plugged in so I unplugged it n plugged back in the I see the red light again. How do I know when it's fully charged
Just put in these speakers and they sound great compared to my alpine speakers i had in there. These speakers are a great buy, they look great and they're worth listening to. You should try them out for yourself. A pleasure for your ears...
I bought this 10 days ago, it was easy to set up and I can now control it from my iPad and iPhone.  Very pleased with the system, thank you Bose
These are all the speaker you will ever need for most systems. They sound great and crystal clear. Unless you have a big room where you may need the larger 890s, the 880s are perfect for most applications. You can pay more for other brands, but I don't think you'll get more for your dollar.
This is the third receiver that I have gotten from Harman Kardon and just like the others, very easy to set up and enjoying my surround sound
I bought these specifically because they come in XS and have never found any that fit and stay put during a brisk walk or jog. I am happy with them.
I have used the PRO35 for five years now. I've played with it in both large and small venue with great results. I have the hard wired and the cordless. Both sound great. Sound is a little thin on the palm keys on my Soprano. I highly recommend this mic.
the bose 535 home theater system is the best of the best home theater i ever had. Sounds Perfect, Easy to use. And the speaker is small but powerful love it very much....
These things sound GREAT! I am a retailer for Polk Audio. The A9's sound so much better than the RTI12 towers. The low frequency response is incredible. Great all around tone.
Got this to link up with other Bose products and it's brills! Sound is awesome and does everything as in it's description. A great addition to the kitchen that I'm sure will have its place for a long time to come. Bluetooth, wifi, remote, app, great sound(adjustable bass via app). Great product!
I bought them a while ago now for when I'm at work I'm so addicted to them they really are furfilling to my highest exspectations
- Good sound quality when compared to In-Ear Plug  - Stays very light on the ear, can be used for longer hours - very worthy buying at this price
I snatched this item from a deal newsletter for around $20. I take this thing everywhere I go and can get the party started on a moments notice LOL. It's perfect for use at work or for setting the vibe when having a few friends over.
I received these as a gift. The sound is high in quality. Fit seems perfect. They have yet to fall out of my ear during a run. They seem to hold a charge well. I like them.
I bought this device so I could blast Rick Astley in the shower while my roomates try to sleep.  Works like a charm
Very nice sound! I was using them as fronts in a surround system, but now use them for Zone 2 speakers. Well contructed from top notch materials!
I compared these to 2 different sets of high end studio headphones and am thoroughly impressed. Studio perfection without wires! Comfort is outstanding and ear fatigue non existent after 2+ hours.  Quincy's prompts are like having him producing my project LOL!!
I purchased a few of these JBL Gos for christmas presents, and also got one for myself.  This little speaker packs a punch.  Very impressive.
Worth every penny - no joke. The way they small sound bar fills up the whole room , there is no need for anything else. Impressive will be a nose fan for life now. Can’t wait to try out the sub and rear speakers.
Bought the Soundsport Free last year. One of the best earphones I’ve bought. Always been using Bose products and they haven’t disappointed me yet. Fits perfectly and not afraid to do heavy cardio cause it doesn’t fall out. Really Recommend.
These are pretty great headphones, they stay in your ear really well, and the suns is pretty full for a wireless set. The only downside is how big each headphone is, it's almost cartoonish how much they stick out of your ear. I wish they were a bit more discreet in design.
Unprecedented sound and quality as you can expect from Bose. These are a must have for sound, comfort, portability, and ease of use. I am a long time user of Bose products and these did not disappoint! Just an absolutely fantastic product, highly recommended.
I've only owned the headphones for an about a week, but I find myself using them just about every day. The music is extremely immersive and it feels as if you are not wearing anything at all. All I could ask for in these is better bass and audio isolation.
19 YEARS OF LOUDNESS PUT TO THE TEST. THE BEST CHOICE I EVER MADE ON SPEAKERS. I AM GOING TO GET ANOTHER SET. 19 YEARS OF THRASHING. WAIT THEY STILL WORK I AM JUST PUTTING THEM IN THE BASEMENT SO I GOT TUNES DOWN THERE. STILL CRISTAL CLEAR SOUND
My wife snores and wears a CPAP at night. It doesn’t drown out her snoring but definitely drowns out the noise from the CPAP machine. Has made sleeping with her tolerable again.
I have used these buds for two nights and so far I love them.  I do not hear a thing at night.  I play a soothing noise for about an hour but leave the buds in all night.  I wish that the noise loops were longer.  The tranquility noise is a very short loop which I noticed right away
Wow, more than exceeded expectations. Fills our large living room with full rich sound, even when playing older CD's. Highly recommend!!!
I purchased several of these as gifts and everyone is overjoyed with the quality of the sound. Great product! My only problem is the requirement for batteries for certain features.
Great speaker and great sound. IF you are interested in buying a Bluetooth speaker this is the best speaker to buy.
Had these girls for 2 years. Polk Audio really stands for its name in these speakers! No problems with these speakers. I have them hooked up to a Harmon Kardon amp and sound better and better the loader they go. Clarity and deep tight bass. Way to go Polk!
i had two twelve inch rockford fosgate but these hit ten times harder and sound ten times better i strickly recomend this sub to anybody looking for a good deal and watts and watts of good sound.
I bought Sound bar 700 a week ago the sound quality is dope as expected but having problem with the Bluetooth it cuts off most times while playing not nice at all and I still enjoy the SoundTouch app very well with no issues. Any advise please?
Awesome amp for the buck!  Crisp, clean sound that matches other name brand amps but at a much lower price.
This is cool - to be able to make your own color combinations. The nice headphones in your own colors.I love it, just created my own design.Would have been good to have the customization for $50 though, $100 a bit steep, 30% of the product cost.
I just put these in my 98 grand cheroke today. for now i am only driving them off of my head unit, an alpine, but even then they sound great, i plan on runnung them off an amp but these are the best speakers i have ever had, they are solid and very crisp, excelent buy.
I bought it as part of a GMA deals and steals! It was definitely worth it for the capability and usability. Was able to use it christmas day to keep the musing going and lower or raise the volume from my tablet without going over to the actual device
Been using the JBL GT-BassPro for the last 2 years and am very satisfied with its performance and durability. I like my music cranked and this subwoofer gives me what I want with no complaints. From Classical to AC/DC it fills the bill in my 300C.
The best thing about this is the look of it. You need to darken the room a bit but it really delivers on looks. The sound is also more than adequate for the size of the unit. Always connects with bluetooth easily.
I wish they made a bigger version of the pulse, like a pulse plus plus. Light show is great misis sound is good for the size. Jbl: three things 1 make a bigger one 2 add a point to it so it can be hung up 3 make them so you can buy multiple and sync them together
I bought my jbl charge 2 last summer and have used it everywhere from work to fishing outdoor parties once even got rained on before I remembered it was outside.... the Bluetooth distance is amazing compared to other Bluetooth devices I own
This sub is awesome! This speaker seemed a little high priced until I heard it. Its worth every penny. Get one and enjoy.
Have had 2 pairs of Bose noise cancelling phones.... love them for sound. Problem is the cushion earpiece deteriorates quickly and now I have both out of use. Trying to get spare cushion replacements is a headache and a half.
a month ago and I'm very happy with it. It charged as well and holds a good charge. Sound is very excellent both in the upper and lower ranges. Middle-range tones are not muddy at all. Very excellent product.
I used these both for home listening and when using air travel. They do Avery nice job of blocking out “plane drone” while in flight. Great battery life and the Bluetooth is great. Very glad I bought these.
good quality headphones use them frequently for runs and gym workouts. Have held up well until about a year when the left ear went out. Luckily for the bose warranty Im able to get a new pair.
This is a Great product, I have had mine now for about 8 months. I have noticed that in order to really get the theatre sound you need to turn the volume up loud, als the refresh rate is only a 60, so the night time scenes in the program are fuzzy. It is a great system though.
Wish I could buy more.   Good fit. Great sound. Incredibly functional and hardy.  Wish I could buy more.
I have a lot Bose products... I keep going back because the sound quality is truly amazing and this product is no different. Just plug and play. Doesn't take up a lot of space and the sound just fills the whole upstairs no matter what the volume is on.... Clear and crisp!
Brought this as a temporary replacement as my van sterio broke. I think ill just keep using this it’s better than the one in my van. It’s great so powerful and clear with great base
Right out the box I thought this is the worst Bose product I have ever purchased. But after checking the Bose website and saw there was a software update for the headphones, can I say wow! If you are using Mac equipment especially with the latest OS make sure and update. I'm a Bose Fan Boy now!
Bought it for a Christmas gift and tested them out to make sure there where no issues. I like them so much that I will purchase me a pair after the holidays are through.
The recent firmware update made the voice lag issue worse. Hopefully there is a new update asap to correct this issue.
This product is small, which makes it portable. the sound quality and loudness for the size is amazing. I recommend
I did buy these a month ago and I'm impressed beyond words.I have had JBL products before and they just keep surprising me.I hope they continue being the best sound products.
I'm a great fan of Polk's RTis, now i have full set of RTi's for my home theater. Good sound quality, good for all indoor applications. Technically designed and crafted.
overall, these subz are the best ive had.i have them in a bandpass box with a mtx thunder 8000 amp., you should buy some.
I love how small and mighty this speaker is.  It's better than I expected.  And reasonably priced.  Will buy from again.
Sounds incredibly powerful to fit in the palm of your hand, perfect to carry anywhere, the connectivity is excellent. It sounds perfect indoors. I've never bought anything from this brand, but I could not have made a better decision.
Overall, the headphones are great. amazing quality. the only problem is with the mic. when calling someone, they have trouble hearing me because the mic is too far.
Bought this for my wife and she loves it. I'm very happy with the design and how it sounds. Great little speakers.
I bought these 3 months ago. This is my 6th BOSE product. Headphones are very light and easy to use. Bluetooth range is excellent clarity is clear and crisp. Only negative I have is compared to the QC the base and volume lacks a bit. Could do with a small bit more kick 10/10 overall
I have had QC products for over 10 years now starting with the QC2 then the QC3, QC15, and then the QC20i. When I got the QC25s today I was just amazed at the increased noise reduction and the overall new design and quality of the Headphones.
I got the Charge 2 a month ago and love it. It's easy to use and sounds great! Overall a wonderful product.
wLY3ra  <a href="http://znnkyneqacvs.com/">znnkyneqacvs</a>, [url=http://pjudjwainmdm.com/]pjudjwainmdm[/url], [link=http://kvtvvcnkvvnh.com/]kvtvvcnkvvnh[/link], http://ifbccitcnrvs.com/
I bought these at a thrift for an impossibly low price and was amazed at how good they sound.  They literally put my old speakers to shame.
I received this as a late Christmas gift, about two months ago and I absolutely love it! I've had JBL speakers as stock speakers in my past vehicles, therefore I knew that I would throughly enjoy anything that I purchased from JBL.
The sound of the earphone was prefect. But i kept having the problem of loosing rubber ear piece. The rubber kept falling off, so every time i need to make sure the exist of the rubber ear piece before i wear them on. Is there any way to prevent the ear piece kept falling that often?
have had several par of the in ear headphones from Bose. Company stands behind their product and when the headphones went on sale I purchased two par. Use them for work and they are in my ears all day long and are very comfortable.   Tom W.
I just recently bought the headphones and it charges well. My only gripe is that the case isn’t always convenient to open with one hand.
Best thing JBL makes for my money. Can handle any type of music you throw at it, any volume. Biggest bang for the buck. Dig the funky colors!
I purchased the arena 120 Loud sound surround sound speakers, we love them! I also like that I got them white along with it feels like I'm at a concert!
I bought this to replace Flip 4. Was very happy with the Flip 4 till girlfriend absconded with it. Glad she did. This unit does everything better. Sound is great. Best speaker ever!
I just bought the ST 20 and it was awesome. I maximized my Spotify premium music streaming. I already had a Soundlink III and I knew why I kept purchasing only BOSE sound systems. It been great. Thank you BOSE!
Sceptic at first but jeepers!!! This small thing packs some punch. Amazing sound quality and depth of base when you need it. In the alcove at home it resonates beautifully, giving us the sounds you just can't hear in headphones.
i've bought this speaker system for a week now and i am fully satisfied the performance that i am looking for my laptop. Great stuff.
Great speaker by the best home/car audio company around.  Great lows and perfect sound.  Highly recommened to all polk enthusiasts as myself.
I bought these for my Mac and it made me listen to music i knew and loved completely over again, as everything sounds so new and has a new dimension to it. If you're going to buy any accessory for your pc-Mac BUY THIS you wont regret it.
I've had these headphones for a month. I use them regularly on my daily commute. The sound quality is excellent for music, and the buttons on the neckband are handy for answering calls and changing volume
Great little device! I love how compact and affordable this device is for the power it puts out. It's a definite buy!
The title says it all, the Bose SoundLink Color speaker is perhaps the best bluetooth speaker available today!
I got my speaker about 2 weeks ago and i love it! even when i keep my phone set to the lowest volume i can still hear the speaker loud and clear
I use these speakers for my surround back speakers. All I can say is that, they are amazing. Absolute detailed sound and bass that punches above its weight class. Truly recommended
Bought this on sale for $150 yesterday at Frys.The guy said he had 2 in stock n he would brb with a cart cuz this box is heavy (90lbs).
The M20 is a great sounding set of speakers I paired them with a vintage Marantz receiver they sound fantastic great bass response nice highs. I've used Polk speakers for 20yrs and have never been disapointed pair these with a good receiver and you will have alot of enjoyment.
I got 3 for christmas gifts for my sons, they love it!!  I tried it on, and I use it for my mobile, and my conversations are clear, not static. Good deal for the price! Will be buying myself one !
Friend bought this for me a few months ago and is perfect for night camping in the middle of no where! It bumps and has a really cool color match changing feature that goes along with the beat. Definitely recommend!
All of these device its awesome, the powerful bass mids and highs all it´s perfect, but i   expected a little more for its price... like be PORTABLE i mean we´re on 2016 to be on the necessity to connect it to the wall... but pretty awesome sound
I have this JBL speaker and it's amazing!!! But recently it dropped in water and I don't know how to get the sound back any suggestions?
I'm enjoying them every day at home and work. This is exactly the comfort level I was looking for, suitable for long periods of HQ music.
Bluetooth connection was easy (except for Sony Bravia which did not register jbl speaker) and quickly played what was on the tv. Excellent value refurbished item with standard guarantee.
Superb and then some, very good sound! I wired my Denon amp into and out of my PS12 and the subsequent sound all round from my monitor 60's backed up by 30's and CS1 is exceptional.
I bought a little wile ago too replace some e20 the were two way speaker that really sound great. I was hoping these would sound like them.
Love it, I can't turn the volume all the way up because its too loud, that's how powerful this thing is. Don't play my Sony Bluetooth anymore. LOL Just saying. Want another one!
I have had these headphones for a week now.  I can honestly say that these are the best headphones I have ever used.  The sound quality is excellent.  The noise cancelling is amazing it shuts out almost all outside sounds.  If you want a great pair of headphones then I highly recommend these.
This is an exceptional speaker, it is portable and the sound it incredible!!!! Use it daily in the kitchen and dining area and just move the speaker from room to room. It has enough capacity to fill a medium sized room with excellent sound quality and bass.
Another Bose item I own and love:)  1 star missing as, IMHO, with such product (and price) the charging cradle should be included, also, no dedicated Bose carrying travel case available.
I really love the CineMate 15. I gave it only 4 stars because of one reason -- every few minutes, the sound goes out for about 2 or 3 seconds, then comes back on, which is a bit frustrating. Other than that, I am pleased. Does anyone else have this issue?
Bought yesterday and so far they are great.They sound good with just enough base to satisfy your needs. Like the fact that they do not stick out of your ears like the other ones (Syncros)....Excellent idea on the earfins, they don't hurt when you put them in your ears.
One month with my bose soundSport wireless headphones and work great, the sound is with the high quality of bose, very comfortable, the time on is ok (6 Hours and less) for my was a good decision , the price is high, but bose dont have low quality products
I received the Charge 3 as a gift and I love it!! It has excellent sound and the battery last a long time. The charging capabilities are outstanding as well. I went on a 2-night camping trip and this kept our phones powered and gave us music around the fire.
The white ones get dirty really quick since the top part is made out of fabric but very good headphones and nice sound quality
To change track to next or prev you should hold + or - more than 3 sec. For me it is tooooo long. JBL Charge3 have different button functions. I use to it...
Looks so stylish in the lounge and the sound quality is excellent. The demo CD was like having an orchestra in the room. The quality of sound does not differ over the volume range. Well worth the money in every respect.
Es el mejor equipo que pude adquirir su potencia y la calidad de sonido es incomparable la música disco de los 70´s se disfruta tanto como la música disco actual impresionante.  Felicitaciones POLK-AUDIO POR ESTE PRODUCTO PSW10 IS BEAUTIFULL
Love the quality of the sounds and bass.. Need to r Try connect+ and connect with lots of other speakers.... Want to know how it sounds like.....
I just ordered my second pair. The first set I purchased a few years ago and finally wore them out (wired, frayed, etc.). So they held up better than any pair I've ever had and so I'm back for a new pair.
My husband got these for me for Christmas; but sometimes he and the Labrador are so loud I can still hear them. With my over ear headphones from Bose I can knock it out but they are uncomfortable to sleep in
Was so worried that after over a year of use my unit would refuse to connect. Was gonna get on my kids case for using the unit in the shower! That tip on doing a reset fixed the problem! Yay thanks so much! Looking forward to using this for many years to come.
I listen to audiobooks on my iTouch through this speaker during my work commute. It's my favorite purchase this year!
it's pretty good Sub for this price...I use it in my living room can get all my windows is shake. it's carzy item...
Great sounding and great looking speakers!  The cherry cabinet is absolutely flawless. What impressed me the most (and sold me) is the very clear highs that these produce, and smooth/even distribution of sound.
The Sound is Excellent and bluetooth range seems long. Battery life has been as advertised and charges quickly. Only downside is I wish it had headphone port.
This is an excellent quality -system with a Deep sound, yes it works on WIFI not bluetooth however one can tune into any internet radio in the world including your own personal music whether it is on a Laptop or a Tablet-Mobile Phone via the free download App. I Love it.
Great sounding speaker good build and exellent value it goes good with my R-15'S I would reccomend these to anyone who wants a good center at a good price.
Brought this last month and i was so happy and felt bad that i should have brought this well enough before. Excellent sound experience as excepted..Love you Sound Touch 520..and i recommend this...
These speakers vibrate very well.  I found myself installing them directly under my seat.  mmm...   I love it.
This is a wonderful speaker. My first speaker was a old bose ipod speaker and for the age of the speaker it is very good sound.My new speaker has over doubled the sound and quality. Bose has had good sound from the beginning.  Bose all the way!!!
Incredible sound.  Rti 12 Front Rti 8  Surround Csi 5 Center Psw 505 Bass  Wow...I can tell one thing...This Rti12 are best than Lsi25 and cheaper...Oh, yeah.
Just bought these speakers today and was very impressed with the sound quality. I also love the simple design.
Yes i bought the flip 3 in june2016. Speaker works well but orange colour usb cable does not pass current properly. The ends of the cable is malfunctioning. Im in sri lanka dont know what to do. I bought this from canada. I want a replace cable
I bought this wireless headphone  about a month ago. My wife love it and its was what she was looking for
I have music on my iPhone and wanted to be able to listen to it but without a big sound system. This is perfect. The quality is excellent and very easy to set up. I can take it anywhere. Very pleased with it!
It really solved my problem to listen to what is said in a film. CLEAR SOUND without all the surrounding noise.
I bought these for the sport style but I was pleasantly surprised with the hard-hitting bass. great value for the price.
I purchased a used vehicle & it had jbl  speakers in the car it was the 1st time owning jbl products I was impressed so when it came time to purchase a subwoofer I already had my mind made up ! Great product very satisfied!
Great sound at a great price!  I was able to buy these used last month from someone off eBay.  I cannot believe how great the sound is for the price.  I knew, based on my other Polk purchases, that I'd be getting a quality product, but this little gem has exceeded my expectations.
I have owned mine for over 20 years.It has the built in cassette player . I currently have it hooked up to my laptop
Bought an Anker for my wife and I bought me an JBL and my wife heard mine and tried to take mine away yes had to buy her own.
This is a nice sounding little speaker with Google Home control which hooks up easily and controls the smart devices in the home.  I do wish that it were wireless and that it could make phone calls. It is surprising that this speaker cannot make phone calls or work as a bluetooth speakerphone.
I travel a lot and now I can listen to music or my audio books with amazing clarity. It has made such a difference as I also find my ears don’t hurt now! I wish I had made the purchase sooner.
Love these headphone, they give just the right sound I was after, nice highs and mids with a nice pure bass not to heavy, good buy
It is greatfor when I'm taking walks with my daughter going to the beach and hanging out with friends
Bought this on Black Friday sales and it’s great to use around the house, I put some music on while working in the kitchen. Sound is clear and crisp !
maximum 45 foot Bluetooth   not water proof but is resistant to small quantity overall sound quality is high
It's very loud and nice base. I used over 12 hours everyday and it still have a lot of battery left.
Wow , fantastic. Had this product now for 3 weeks used it everyday. This speaker impresses me everytime. The light show is great & the sound quality is better . If you are looking at buying this , don't look just buy it . You won't be disappointed
Words cannot describe how good these sound paired with my NAD 304 integrated AMP (35 watt continuous with 120 W dynamic power into 8 ohms).  I am not much of an audiophile per se, but these are worlds better than the Infinity SM82s I replaced these with.
I put 4 of these in my 2004 F-150 Supercab. They are the best 5 x 7's by far. Tons of Bass for a small speaker. The mids are awesome and the Highs are extremly High. So clear, Cannot say anymore, Polk Audio simply makes the best.
The JBL flip4 has been with me for about 1 year it still works in top condition and has good bass and is loud all the way up lives up to the water proof standard and was one of my Best Buy’s
This was a joint Birhday present to the pair of us and we love it. With different tastes in music we can compromise more easily. Love it.
This tiny speaker is great and awesome to have because how small can produce a high volume of music and also can carry it around.
Using the 280`s (floor- and centerspeaker) for over a year now together with a Harman Kardon AVR265. Deep bass, very well balanced middle and one of the clearest high I ever heard in a speaker of this priceclass. Very happy with them!
My new JBL Charge 3 works just perfectly. The sound is loud and good quality, the speaker is quite light to carry in a bag and I love being able to charge my phone while playing.
I had purchased the Polk Audio RM10 same time i bought the bose acoustimass 10. The Polk Audio delivers rich clear sound and bass from all the speakers not just the sub.
i picked this up today, as soon as i open it i knew that this product was it.  sitting on the window sill, the sound was like,  aaa  that it, words can't add up to tell you what it sounds like. but delicious.
Fantastic speaker, what I really like is the ease of connection, bluetooth, aux or via the app, unlike other speakers on the market where you can only play music through the app. Quality of sound is excellent, also a very powerful speaker, music really fills large rooms I have tested in.
Hi im from Argentina and i have a pair of this speakers put in my car, the quality of sound of this speakers is great, i must said that it was a nice surpirse
Hi compliance speakers create great sound in a tiny package. Take it anywhere. Batteries last a long time. Recharge off your laptop. Great sound for streaming movies and your music collection. I don't usually write reviews, but this piece of equipment is exceptional.
Great choice i made to get this! not one single regret!!!! love it! High clarity, great batt life too. go for it! it makes great sound to be portable. Now i carry great sound with me- everywhere!
The sound is pretty amazing for something so small. It's very portable, and some people thought real people were talking when I played a podcast.   The only issue is that there will be crackling sound at times, which I imagine is due to Bluetooth connection having troubles.
I've always been a very light sleeper until I started sleeping with my Sleepbuds. Now I'm a deep sleeper. I've experimented a bit with them by varying the duration of sounds. I've found that having the sounds playing all night works best for me.
Very comfortable on head and ears. The sound was great and also it blocked out a lot of sounds outside to enjoy what your listening too, even had to lower the volume on them. Overall great design, great product, I love using these at the gym!
i was staffing camp when a buddy had some. he let e try them. i listened to then, thought they were great. he then turned the voice canceling on. listened to the a total of like 3 minute. went online and bought some.
I just hooked up Pebbles, & love it!..So much better sounding at louder levels than PC speakers. I can FEEL the sound instead of just hearing it.
Awesome little chap, have taken it travelling, use it round the house, in the garden and the sound quality and output is 1st class. Only thing is I have damaged the Bose printed speaker cover-grill, so if any of you Bose reps see this please get in contact with me and send me a new one :)
Super mini speaker ever, Excellent size and weight, clear and detalled sound. Now I’m so excited to get home theater.
I bought this one after I bought the Xtreme. Now I have the extreme in my house and the charge 3 at home. It has a nice design, good sound and powerful bass!! The only upgrade I recommend is to have equalizer, other than that is a sure bet for a bluetooth speaker.
I bought one before thanksgiving, LOVE LOVE the deep bass, the fullness, and the clarity of the sound. I carry it with me wherever I go.
I love this product I've always bought and have been a fan of under armour and I love that it paired up with JBL
This product is fantastic and exceeded my expectations 10 fold. The sound is brilliant and so easy to use and set-up.
These wireless in ear headphones are perfect! They fit me perfectly and don’t fall out and the sound is great! Enough bass and volume! So happy with these. They run on Bluetooth and last a good few hours before needing to b recharged.
I just bought this unit for my master bedroom and while it sounds decent it does not compare to my JBL ES250P. I recommend this unit for smaller rooms.
I have the TL1600 and two extra satellite speakers to make it a 7.1 system.  I owned a 5.1 and a 7.1 before and the sounds out of them doesn't even come close to the TL1600 .  I could hear the diference as soon as I turned them on.
Outstanding! I can't imagine why anyone would rate this speaker less than 5 stars. Awesome sound quality for the price. I love the ability to carry it anywhere, by the pool, working in the yard, tailgate, whatever. Easy to use and a great price.
For 40 bucks they aren’t bad. The volume and skip buttons are in a different slightly awkward spot and are the same button which has been taking some time to get used to. But good sound and the wireless Bluetooth works up to a decent distance. Good headphones for the price
I got the JBL Charge 3 speaker for christmas and absolutely love it. The sound from this speaker is very clear. Only wish the bass/ sound was a little louder. Overall a great speaker!
I work for Circuit City, and I really like the enclosure and how it helps maximaize the performance of the subwoofer.  The only problem I have had is the grill, and sometimes my sub hits it and it has caused some problems.  I also thik it would look better without the grill.
The soundsport sound great. Very clear and crisp. The reason for only 4 stars, it is hard to get them seated in ears. Once they are , they are great
These speakers pound. I had a pair of smaller polk towers and two bookshelf's as A&B. They don't even come close to the sound quality of the rti150's. Do not hesitate as I did for months, just go get them already, they are worth every cent.
I bought this product to take with me to college and it's perfect!! So loud, great quality, easy to use, love it!
I'm very pleased with these headphones. The sound quality is great while using the bluetooth adapter or the included cable. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for new headphones.
I'lm not a sound specialist. I have been looking for a reasonable priced good quality pair of headphones and found these advertised in a recent review. Listening to music on these is like walking into a new world. Love them.
I have these in the front of my '93 Volvo and they sound great!  Im only pushing 45 watts to them and they have great clarity.  I plan on getting a 800watt 4 channel amp soon to boost the power for even more fun.
I bought this about 5 months ago and I am really pleased I did .the soundstage is excellent . Does,nt matter what you are watching or listening to .
I bought this 2 days ago.. the price is not to bad and so far i'm very impressed with the build quality.. not to forget this earphones produce superb clearity and purity in bass.. overall i'm happy with it.. and it's affordable. Highly recommended !
The sound is typical JBL sound, great bass some highs and missing mid range. I own all JBL in my home and auto and I plan on using this for my boat this summer. I wish it had a meter of some kind for battery life so you know how much listening time you have.
Tried cheaper systems up to the £250 mark, and this beats them all hands down, they all quote Dolby sound! Dolby was made as a copy of what Bose call standard, if I had to rate the sound quality it would have to be 12 out of 10, there are sounds on TV programs I honestly did know where there!
We had one already. I had a smaller type speaker I use for my Kindermusik business. The volume didn't go loud enough when I had larger groups. Since we liked the one for personal use, I decided to upgrade my business sound.
Bought this late last year, I have been impressed with the Sound Quality and love the solid portable form factor. It was a great addition to my honeymoon providing great high quality sonic entertainment in far flung tropical locations. I wouldnt travel with it going forward
If you want a speaker for low to mid range listening this is an excellent buy. Very clear sound. If you are looking for a speaker to play loud music, this is probably not for you, there is a fair amount of distoration when the volume is cranked up.
I have only had this for one week and the sound is amazing! The sound is crisp and the bass is wonderful. It is a very loud sound in a portable speaker.
At first I was disappointed because me Extreme wasn't compatible with my Pulse, but, I got over it with the great sound!
All I can say is WOW. This subwoofer is amazing. It has very tight and booming bass. I am using the LFE inputs so my experience may be better than some but I am very happy to have purchased this for my media room.
Bought one for myself and loved it.  Bought one for each of my adult sons and and their wives for Christmas.  Bought a second one for myself so I could have stereo.
just bought one today took flip 3 back this one is tight a little more expensive but you get what you pay for
i bought new bose qc35 , for me its fanstastic,great sound and easy to pair on my iphone 6s plus, the battery was superb. the noise reduction was perfectly working,very light weight its a highly recommeded so far.
I bought my S1 a month ago to use with my Roland RD700 keyboard. It has an honest sound but what impressed me most was the way it which it kept that quality as you ramp up the gain - on and on and on.
the speakers are so good got a second set for my desk top pc wow what sound now on my video games and movie watching
The polk dX 12" subwoofer is the best subwoofer ive ever owned. it is Quite powerful and delivers deep rich bass without distortion. great product!
The perfect garden bbq device that plays great sounding a clear music een when played quite loud.  Design is slick and smart and looks great.  works very well through phone device and amazon music too. Very easy to use and would recommend to family and friends
Amazing sound quality, I use this center in conjuntion with the Polk Bookshelf Speakers,  WOW... was watching 300 and was blown away by not only the base this speaker puts out but also how crisp and clear the dialogue is.  10+.
I bought it about a month ago and love it. It is a good speaker and works perfectly with my SoundTouch 10
sound is great.Mids and high's are great. Bass is surprisingly good.loudness more than good enough for your desk but don't use these for anything else.Because their designed for you to be sitting in front of them that's when the sound experience is best.
I got these last week and wow, these are top notch. The sound and design are great. I use them at the gym too and they stay in my ear the whole time. JBL is the best and a trusted brand.
The sound is great. With good seperation of tones  between subwoofer and satellites and center speaker. The speaker manuals are dissapointing however and not at all clear.
Amazing state of the art that BOSE always produces!!! The Aviation set is second to no other system on the market.Outstanding performance!Eric
I bought this speaker for my grandson as part of his Christmas gifts. He is very happy with the performance, sound and the size is perfect! So it gets a 10 from us. Love to make him happy.
I got these in, hooked them up that evening and was thrilled with the sound! Only problem is now I need a better receiver.
I bought these 3 weeks ago. I have purchased 3 different models of the YurBuds earphones. I am huge fan of these U.A. sports wireless. More than 8 hour of listening. Fast recharge. Incredible sound and they stay in your ear no matter how hard you workout.
This sound bar system is a great!  It's definitely an upgrade from the stock speakers on the television.
Its perfect. I love the brand. I have headset jbl everest 700 and flip 4 and booth are great products
Bought it a month back and sleep like .......nobody's business !!! This stuff is good as no matter how bad you are in sleeping. You will hit the sack once worn.
When powered with an amp, they sound as if you have a 10" sub in the trunk. The first impression people get when hearing them is wow!! No one believes that I dont have a sub.
The sound and quality of the QC35 Are by far the best on the market as i have tested most of the other headphones on offer. Battery life in amazing and they are so comfortable you could have them on your head for hours and not even know it.   One of the best tech buys I've ever made.
Love this device. Family really enjoys taking it everywhere. It sucks we can't connect it to out computers. Tried every angle to get it to connect. Oh well.   It'd be nice for movie nights on the laptop for the kids.
Like the performance of my jbl sb400. But I can't figure out why when I turn it off at night, it's powered back on when I get up in the morning. Any ideas?
ITS SMALL AND COMPACT, NOT MUCH BIGGER THAN THE SOUND TOUCH 10. IT HAS QUAILTY SOUND WITH GREAT BASS. IT FITS PRETTY MUCH ANYWHERE AND IS VERY EASY TO USE.
Wonderful speaker. Loud. Solid and well worth the money. Great delivery time.  Thanks. My 15yr olds over the moon.  This is the 3rd one with purchased.  Now all my kids got one.
At this price point these are the best headphones on the market. Bursting with features for smartphone users, fantastic sound quality and an amazing sound stage I purchased these after a lot of research. If you have more money buy the ATH-M50x. However, it doesn't get any better at this price point.
I had this item as a christmas gift and so far I am having a grat experience. Specifications correspond to what is expected and it is really reliable.
These are very good speakers.  I have four in my 1985 Jaguar xj6.  They sound excellent and are much better then my old stock speakers.
Why didint I buy this sooner the sound is remarkable! The rotary mechanism throws the sound as if it's really coming to the left and right side of the room
Listening as i type, very nice.Always wanted to own Polk speakers.The center piece allows the twin JBL's to stand at attention. SWEET COMBO
such a neat little machine. sounds great. easy to pair with devices. long battery life. However, my product was brought in china and the voice prompt was in mandarin only. Aside from that, im happy with it.
I bought these a few days ago and they arrived just on time. Super easy to build, and great sound quality! They work like any other Bose product. Will keep forever❤️❤️❤️
Heck yes! This is the best speaker ever. Sounds amazing. Battery life, amazing. Connects 3 devices, amazing. It's so loud and beautiful. My only complaint is the Bluetooth range is not great. I have to be pretty close to the device otherwise it starts cutting out.
I have had these for not so long, but these help me to hear music in a different way. They are without a doubt the best earbuds i've ever used. I will be a customer for life!
I bought these 12 months ago, they've been great! The only negative is I lose the cover that fits in the ear, and have to buy a new set.
You would think you have huge speakers and a subwoofer with a 600 watt amplifier. This is clean, powerful sound from an amazingly small box.  I use it in my truck too and saved a ton of money not installing a new system.  HIGHLY recommended.
Two is better than one? Why not!?  Really only buying another one to play around with the linked/connect/stereo mode
Good sound. Handy Google assistant. Shame about Netflix but not the end of the world. Would buy it again
I run almost everyday and these earphones stay in my ears perfectly. Throughout the past 6 months I have owned these devices, never once have they fallen out of my ears while I was running. Thank you for a great and reliable product Bose!
I am a big fan of JBL and have the charge 2 but wanted something with a little more when I have a large group. This is it
Ef9Go8  <a href="http://zafuwfxhotkd.com/">zafuwfxhotkd</a>, [url=http://rviplgwnoiit.com/]rviplgwnoiit[/url], [link=http://ethuftuenqjm.com/]ethuftuenqjm[/link], http://uozmryfndkwv.com/
These headphones have made my exercise routine or just casual lounging a full range experience. The sound comes across so realistically and these phones are made to be durable and comfortable.
I bought this to replace a smaller BT speaker at my office.  I bought the Onyx 1 as well and use that at home.  When I heard that poor little other BT speaker, I knew I had been converted to the Onyx family.
This unit produces really nice bass and good sound overall. Google Assistant functionality works well.
This sub punds like a mother*****r...****.....i got  like 6 in my surburban and the **** on my block dont got ****... (naughty words edited out)
FOR ME THE BEST ONE. I   USED MANY DIFFERENT BUT I  NEVER WAS HAPPY OF THEM. I LOVE MY JBL EVEREST 100
Over all it is an excellent by when you compare the sound quality to other similar priced self powered home subs.  I've owned the 600 for 6 months and have no complaints.  The remote is also a pretty sweet addition.
I purchased this item for my hubby as a gift. He had another speaker and for the life of me I couldn't figure out why he wanted another one. Well the other speaker doesn't compare to JBL. It's "All about that bass".
Sound is great, but the right headphone went in and out often when I first got it. Wiggling the wire worked for a while, but now the right headphone doesn't work at all.
The price is a steal. Are they the best? No, as one side of my headphone cover doesn't stick to my ear anymore so it becomes a standard one after that but for the price its great. If this was more than $10 I wouldn't get it.
sound is the most important and it is as good as BOSE. Very nice tone due to passive subs. Style and size are amazing for the sound. Cool machine. Priced absolutely right! Love the "social" setting
My bro gave this to me on my bd and thise are one badass headphones great sound controlls noise  canceling my ears are sweaty becose of leather but its cool
I have had mine for several years(probably first generation), and they still sound as good as day one, never a problem with any part of the earbuds! The sound is far superior to any other ear bud I have Sony, Jbl and others, and nothing compares to the sound from these Bose buds.
I searched everywhere for a gym specific headphone and have finally found the holy grail! I couldn’t be happier with the build quality and sound from these headphones. 10/10
The ability to Bi-amp these speakers makes all the difference. True linear responce (I've RTA'd it), for your money on a "full-range" 2.1 system, best of the best.
My God. These headphones are the greatest thing ever. I can not imagine a single way they could be improved. Their worth is beyond money. The space they create is magical. Buy them.
I got this on sale, I have been using them in the office ... 6 months no complaints. The material seems fragile but they are not ... They have better sound than Everest 700 and they cost much less. The bass is intense and they insolate very decent the sound ( keep in mind they are no NC)
I am using these speakers with Yamaha RX-V375 AV receiver. The sound is awesome. Clear and crisp sound. Highly recommend..
I use the System 10 for my acoustic guitar , electric guitar as well as vocal mics and instrument mics . I use the System 10 for on stage use and for studio recording . I get clear signals with no cut-outs and awesome sound ! With a great price point ! Sincerely , Derek
I've had this in my home theatre for 2 years now. I love it. The only drawback that I see is that I would love to have seen Polk Audio make a grill for the wall. Something nice with their LOGO on it.
A perfect match for 7300s.  Does and excellent job reproducing the demanding Center channel.  Excellent dynamic range, transient response and clarity for the price!
I bought it few days ago....i use it everywhere...cause music makes your life better...!!Lovely Regards
Purchased these for my husband who works in a large complex. He loves music and the sound quality and range of the wireless transmission is truly great! So happy with this purchase!
Very clean sound. The mids and highs are crystal clear with an amp. Well worth the money. The only reason that the bass isnt the best is because the woofer part is meant for mids, not lows!! Get the MM12 for the bass part.
Got system on month trial, and bought within a few days as the difference is amazing between this and the speakers build into my TV. Only draw back is there is no volume bar shown on screen when turning up or down, but well worth the money. Will be buying more Bose items in the future
Bought these are Christmas gifts and they went over very well with the teenagers. The extension was an added bonus as well.
These are really nice sounding speakers for this price range. These are very bright sounding speakers to me. Almost to bright sometimes. I find myself lowering my treble level to compensate. I have them indoors though, so maybe that has something to do with it.
these speakers are great. i use them for my front speakers, and i have some R15s as my rears. they sound great together. these are very clear, and sound great with movies or music.
I bought this Bluetooth speaker about 2 years ago and it still works like the 1st day it's was purchased. Not to mention it's louder than that popular speaker made by that famous producer. (Wink).
I brought these a few months ago.....I have used them quite a lot and they have good across the spectrum sound and a really comfortable fix
I know its a little late for this speaker but I must say that the rt1000i and I am using 4 rt1000i's in my home with a hk avr7000 what a sound package I wish you could hear this speaker system very clean very good highs lows and mids I have all polk speakers center and sub. Loving it.
Looked for an upgrade for a small Bluetooth speaker. This speaker exceeds expectations Great sound, easy to connect. May buy a second.
i love how the colors collide with the music. i can sit and watch it for hours. music is clear sounding. it's a very good speaker.
These things are incredible. These subs hit all the lows, mids and highs perfectly. No distortion from what I  can tell. The excursion of these subs is nuts. Perfect sound, perfect bump. I love to show these off. Trust me, they are WORTH IT. GET THEM NOW.
I had this for a year now,and i love it.i just can't put under my TV,because my stand is wider.it just lacking on surround effects but all in all the sound is great.
JBL....you just can't go wrong! My parents have their speakers and I couldn't of went anywhere else. They have an amazing sound without having to add tons of components to them.
Than in my entire life combined!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE it!  Compact Easy to fit in pocket or purse, but the sound compared to the phone or tablet speakers... its A-Mazing!
Just bought the soundbar 300 and the bass system, both together make the best you can get ! Great job BOSE !!
Purchased this 3 weeks ago, Had our first taste of partying with it, this past weekend, Everyone was so impressed with how loud it was and the sleek design. don't hesitate on purchasing one . It would be nice if you could equalize the sound with perhaps some preset EQ Settings .
I have this in a .7cuft sealed box that is braced with some poly fill. Zapco C2k 2.0 amplifier crossed over at 90hz. Im really impressed with this subwoofer. the bass is deep and tight and it blends well with my front speakers (Dynaudio).
Operates as advertised.  Clean looking.  Glad I purchased to complete the speaker - looks good.  Another great Bose product.
Love it, I am on the road all of the time, and the speaker is packed with me. Husband uses on Golf Course too, it goes to the beach with us too. Excellent Sound!  Depth and clarity is amazing. Totally worth the money.
I have both the on the ear and over the ear headphones now and I have to say you can't beat these headphones! They are light and the sound quality is great and not to mention loud!
Excellent sound across the entire range from low to high frequencies.  Strongly suggested.  A little pricy but worth the money.
Bought a pair to replace Kenwoods in front doors of 97 nisan hard body 4x4.The kenwoods were good but the Polk Audio db650's are like day and night,wish i had purchased Polk speakers years ago.
Got mine yesterday (Alto), I enjoyed it. Only concerned was the frame tips touches the back of the lenses. When I fold it, some scratches left at the back of the lens, need to wipe it again. But in general, it was a good product.
I bought it and 2 others as Christmas gifts, I wish I would have bought more. The sound is fantastic and it is so small you can take it anywhere. Really great sound.
Awesome BASS!!!!!!.I just put this in my cherokee last week,no regrets at all.It made my rear view mirror fall off, when i tried to turn the subs all the way up!!!!havent got it past 20 yet!.
These are some of the greatest speakers I've ever heard in my life! I use them as rears in my setup next to my Velodyne DD-15. they sound superb. My fronts are NOT Polks, but some KLH speakers which I would whole heartedly also recommend. :)
I have water proof earphones,noise reduction headphones, computer speakers, the mini MP3 portable audio, solo in my living room with my tv, excellent! I couldn't ask for better sound and going for a new sound system for my bethroom!!!
Two EX12's installed in 0.8cuft per sub acoustic suspension enclosure. 160W amp driving them. Overall sound and accuracy were outstanding. Took first place in local MECA competitions. Achieved 136.1dB with this very modest setup.
Love this speaker. Perfect for listening to my tunes when I'm grilling outside. My two little girls love the different light displays. Sound quality is excellent.
I bought these almost 2 years ago and they are still going strong! Phenomenal sound at such a low price!
i like everything about these earphones except they run out of battery a little too fast and the little cable clip falls off easily gettting lost. if you dont have this clip your earphones move around every where
It's the best speaker what i saw in this size. Sound is great!!! Works up to 12 hours (more longer than you said) Fast connect to iphone by pushing the power button. It's cool Light and always with me
This product exceeded my expectations in craftsmanship and sound quality. Haven’t passed half volume and the bass is just incredible. Would recommend to anyone. Also own a JBL charge 3 and Xtreme. New favourite line of Bluetooth Speakers.
Excellent sound. It pounds out every bass note you throw at it.  I had the DSW400 and am glad I returned it to get the DSW600!
This is a great product. Question for the techs- How do I use this system for my playstation? If the HDMI from the PS is connected to the Bose console, how do I get the video to display since there is only 1 HDMI port in the playstation. Sorry for noob question.
These have great sound, but the box says I ordered a large. Is there actually a small available for purchase? I can't seem to find a place to pick a size online.
Over the past 3 years I have been using these headphones! I love them so much. They are the only pair of headphones that fully fit and give me the best possible sound. 10/10 would recommend
Hi ... I bought it about 2 weeks ago ... And it worked nice until today that it shuts down every 5 minutes by itself ... What's the problem ?
I feel the Bose 3 had a deeper bass compared to Bose 1V. Bass is very important to me, so Bose 3 has my vote
Great little bookshelf.  Bass was strong for its size, and mids and highs blend in very well.  It does lack the dual 5-way binding posts that the Monitor 30 had but, other than that, I would definitely buy them again.
This little unit is a fantastic buy offering superb value for money. I'm a huge fan anyway but this is a really great product. Great sound, build quality, portability and battery life.
Everything is good so far. However, the battery life is quite poor and I do not know how to turn it off when I do not use it.
Such good sound from something so small!Going to buy the Soundlink 3 for my main small living room speaker and move this about as required.
I have had the pleasure of using the HD400S for about a week and I love them. Call clarity is good and the control of music is also good. Considering the price point, I would say it is a good bargain.
I have owned Bose products for over 20 years, I expected the best and got the BEST. I have two SoundTouch 10's combine with Echo gives great sounds.
I got this product as a gift for Christmas. I could not be happier with this product. It works amazingly. The sound is so great, it shakes the surface it is on. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a reliable speaker for a reasonable cost.
I have bought this product 4 different times. (all for different people of course) It's the ONLY way to go (sound quality has NOTHING to do with this product ) Obviously, )
I bought this three months ago and it is exceedingly comfortable and 8 can use it all the time it is amazing... I would totally recommend it to any future customers...
This was a Christmas present for my wife. She loves it  and me too. The only thing that she told me was that she wishes it would stand more easily.
So I bought this a few days ago to play basketball with and I was amazed how well these stayed on I was practicing contact shots and they barely got loose loose sure i had to adjust them occasionally mostly because of it irritating my ears but it didn't bother me that much
Great sound and TWO INPUTS!!! Thank you for that!! Thank you! Finding the right cable for this specific need has been a pain (one female input, two male outputs)... I think maybe it doesn't exist.  IDK.  Now I don't need to find that cable - these speakers anticipated my need.
I have no problem with them. I Love them, they fit good in the ear and the Sound Quality is Great. Does everything advertised.
based on my preference, this set of earbuds sounds pretty balanced. The bass is just right and not boomy. The mid range is excellent and the highs are pretty well blended in. This is the best earbuds I have ever had. Kudo to the engineers of AKG. Keep up the good work.
Bought the System in 2012 . It's an incredible value for money . However, inspite of regular maintainence the volume control has become inconsistent . Please advise how to overcome this issue , Thank You
I BOUGHT THE STICKS III WITH BLUETOOTH REFURBISHED. NOT ONLY DID I GET A GREAT PRICE, THE SET IS AWESOME. I USE THEM WITH MY TV, AND THEN ALSO VIA BLUETOOTH WITH MY PHONE..VERY VERSATILE AS WELL.
I am totally amazed by the quality even though the price is not high. The color is great and the sound is legendary. I like the purebass performance very much. Definitely one of the best wireless headphones out there.
I absolutely love these earbuds.  Great sound and the fact they are wireless is amazing.  I have tried SO many earbuds in the past, but the way Bose earbuds fit  into the whole ear just adds stability.  My only complaint, I'd like the clothing clip to be sturdier.
I just received these headphones and they are excellent for workout and listening to music. The bose soundsport wireless headphones fit so comfortably and the sound is just crystal clear and great bass as well. These are totally worth every penny. I highly recommend this product.
Bought the Soundtouch 30 from a Bose store, really easy to set up and use and sounds amazing, would definitely recommend this product
it’s incredibly loud and definitely worth the price ! fit it in my sweatpants pocket and go on walks while jamming
I bought the white version of the pulse 3 it works great but after a couple of months I started to notice that the colour of the plastic has turned from white to yellow. I have no idea on how to clean it and get it back to its original colour. Someone help.
I bought this device for my wife for her walking and gym activity. My wife who is not a electronics person such as my self is in love with the headset.
Excellent sound quality and noise cancelling. I bought these specifically for music and TV and they are of a very good quality. They fold up and come with a soft case for transport.
Great sounding speakers, Fit much better then the older MOMO 4x6's, Best 4x6's ive ever owned, very vocal, very clean and very loud especially when amplified.
For the price I paid I must say it's a bargain. Had Polk same size and I will say it's heading to the trush.
i bought this speaker yesterday, and the sound can be compared to my sonos speaker ... this says all: i've never heard a bluetooth speaker with these basses and sound; it's better than bose speakers!!!
I bought this for my husband who is a serious audiophile.  I knew his checklist of features and sought them in this product.  The quality has blown us away and we hit all of his needs with even a few delightful surprises!
I got this as a gift for my order being  late for Christmas I have a lot of Bose's products so I always know that Bose will put out a quality product!
I have had a pair of these for over 18 months now. They provide excellent sound and superior Bluetooth connectivity. Good range for the Bluetooth as well.
I bought this music system in dec 2012 as a Xmas pressie to myself. The sound quality is absolutley Amazing. Would definitely recommend. Go on treat yourself you deserve it.
Bought the bluetooth for my hubby for the holidays and he loves it! Great sound for something so small!
works great with pioneer receiver feels like you are at the movies.with bose brackets attaches flat on the wall looks great
If you're looking into getting this don't hesitate I was mind blown when I used it for the first time.   I've also got an Xtreme coming so I can draw up my own personal comparisons.
I bought this recently and was very surprised at how much umph you can get from such a small product. I love that it is waterproof and the battery life is wonderful.
Compare to other portable speaker by far it's the best one over all. One itsy bitsy tiny flaw.....THE PRICE! I was lucky enough to get it cheap! Retail price is bit too high! Other than that....BANG! Regardless where you are, you'll enjoy it! Trust me!
I put 2 of these in a ported box with 1.0 cubic feet of air space, and wh@m, whiplash.  These babies rock. Great solid sound. I have 100 watts on each of them with 18db of boost at 45 hz.  My Orion, Kicker and RF subs never sounded this good in a ported box.
Walk almost every day for an hour. Haven't charged the battery in over a week since I started using it. Love the sound it produces!!
Excelent sub for the mony. you wont get two 12 inch subs that bump like these for even close to 100 bucks. I only have one hooked up so far, at its only geting 100 watts, (I havent got a new amp yet) but it bumps as loud as my ears and my car can handle.
These headphones fit nicely in my ears. The sound quality is good. Only minus is there is not volume control.
I bought this a little over a month ago & I absolutely LOVE it!! I'm so happy that I decided to buy this!! :):) ♡♡♡♡♡
This is my second speaker and the volume, ease of use and clarity are the best of many others on the market.
I got these headphones when my "Beats" headphones fell off my lawn tractor and under the mower blades....I'm so glad I went the Bose route. They are crystal clear and sound awesome.
Just bought them about a week ago but really big improvement over my Jaybirds I just took back.  The sounds is much better and its a pretty stylish earpiece too.   I tried hard to get them to pop out and they stay in my ear which is a big deal.  Love the charging case, smart idea.
I love it!!! I use it all day at work or out at the disc golf course. The battery life is amazing. No complaints here. I also use to have a pair of the ear bus and they were awesome too.
Just received my new pair of headphones today. Already in love with the quality of the headphones and the clarity of the sound. Well worth the $350 can't wait until Bose releases a new set of headphones.
We installed these in my son's 2002 Mustang along with a new head unit, and the difference is dramatic. While they don't have the deep, booming bass that a lot of teenagers seem to want these days, to my ears the sound is smooth and balanced. Highly recommended for those looking to upgrade.
I bought this about 6 months ago and love it. The only thing is I wish the battery would last longer.
These headphones are so wonderful. Really comfy, easy to store(can fold down) and the sound is amazing. Never had decent headphones before and the cancellation of background sounds is excellent. Great balance with good bass.
The thing I like most about this product is the battery life. Lasts a long time, and you can still use it while charging, unlike other speakers I've used in the past.
I can not be without music.   I carried this speaker to my office everyday as the sound quality is exceptional. It fills an enormous space with acoustic quality that is unparalleled.
I have enjoyed using this product, but I yearn for a decent manual. The manual provoded uses very few words, relying on cryptic diagrams. For example, it sometimes disconnects the bluetooth link to my phone; I don't know why. it could be something I'm doing!
My husband purchased the Bose speaker for me, I love it, the sound is exceptional and the battery life is that of the ever ready rabbit, it just goes and goes. I take it around the house with me, it's light and booms sound inside or out. It's the best of all sound equipment I have.
I bought this about a year ago and its really nice. could be alittle bit louder but for the size its great, I have the cover for it as well and great to take down to the beach. would recommend,
I got the first quitecomfort 35’s for Christmas last year and they were amzing. Easily the best noise canceling headphones I have ever used. My pair got stollen out of my dorm room today.... so I upgraded and bought these. As a college student these will be one of the best investments you can make.
I was given this as a gift from a friend, who knew I wanted someway to have music in my office without buying a whole system. From the ease of setup, the app quality, and of course the sound, I was blown away! Just a great speaker.
Bought these to replace a set of G5s' as the rear surround, surprised at the increase in sound quality. Match the rest of my JBL system perfectly. Very happy with the transaction.
Bought this over a year ago and I have used it at work every single day for 6 hours minimum! This speaker is amazing! I am still using it and it works perfectly! Battery lasts around 6 hours on a charge! I would recommend Bose to anyone! Definitely will be purchasing more from here!
I was shopping for the Boston Acoustics component that is similar when I listened to the i-Sonic. The sound blew me away. I already own a Bose wave and when you compare them side by side the Bose sounds like an old transistor radio.
Very happy with purchasing. Was a nice addition to my other JBL Studio speakers. Easy set up and adjust. Bass is deep and accurate. Speaker is exactly what I expect from JBL ,quality.
I bought this as the colour matched our new kitchen worktop perfectly but, asthetics apart, it is perfect. It is constantly on and sounds great. We use it with Spotify and internet radio and we have had no problems at all. I am now looking at getting another for our lounge.
Excellent Speakers, The best set of speakers that money can by at that price. There is only 1 complaint and that is NONE.
After many years of struggling with earbuds that are painful or do not stay in place, I have found the perfect pair. I only wish I had found these years ago!
Ok que the fat lady and give her a funky beat to sing to, because it's over.  These speakers though small in size are huge in sound.  The sound is clear and the lows are deep.  When watching Transformoers on Blue Ray I was more excited about the sound than the awesome picture.  Great job Polk
I bought these when they were on a smoking deal and I am so glad I did! Great wireless earbud set. They were easy to pair with my phone and they are very comfortable. I'd recommend. Those who say they don't fit must not be putting them in correctly.
This is one of the best head phone I have ever used, Suitable for travellers in Plane & Underground. Black spot it can be used only in Apple products and with other communication volume switch is not compatable.But bose is very clear in the specs
These speakers "scared me," the first time I heard them.  I heard things I never heard before.  I definitely agree with needing a great amp.  I have my LSi9s connected to a Bryston 3BST.  It doesn't matter what the volume is, whether easy listening or cranked, the sound is ALWAYS CRYSTAL CLEAR!!!
Didn't realize how worn the originals were until I replaced them. I lot more comfortable and sound improvement.
I received these for a birthday present and could not be happier. The headphones make airplane rides fun again, the noise cancelling is wonderful and the music sound is perfect. This was the best birthday present of all times.
I got these a week ago... So far so good! Sounds like I would expect from JBL. As for the auto turn off I just turned my headphone volume up on my laptop and it solved the issue with it not turning back on when I'm playing a video or music.
Great product to replace the overhead factory speakers on my '03 Wrangler. Sounded a little muddy until I broke them in, but now I can't ask for better sound. Great purchase.
I bought this for myself but my granddaughter has taken it over and she loves it.  Will have to order another one
I have had these earbuds for a long time but I lost the red piece that goes in your ear. I want to get a new piece without buying whole new earbuds.
Awesome but of kit.  Already had one and it’s so easy to connect to this one. Would highly recommend
I loved being able to adjust the treble and bass... all the new equipment including Bose is preset and that is not good for my oldies...this is fine sound for the size room it is in...
This is my second Flip3 I have purchased, the first was for myself. The sound was so good that my daughter used it everyday when home from college, so I bought second one for her which she is so excited about, me too since now I get my speaker back.
i bought this just under a month ago and it does everything it says it will do i am really happy with this product and i would definately recommend to anyone looking for a reasonable priced portable speaker
Outstanding sound emanates from these small cubes, clear, crisp and undistorted. Driven by a NAD-T973 7x140 they handle all you can give them and still stand in the room. Best bang for the buck!!
These headphones fit fantastically in my ear, have a mic that has not received any complaints even on long calls and the cable is short enough that it doesn't drop on the floor when I have it connected to my phone in my front pocket.
Another addition to my Bose products. Very reliable. Took me a bit of time setting up but once it's done, it's faultless. Bose is not your cheap product but you definitely get the value of what you paid for! The sound is crystal clear and the quality is incomparable as always! Very thrilled!
Was looking to upgrade my Lifestyle 38. Love this updated sound bar. Sleek, discreet with less wires and the quality and sound you expect from Bose.
These are very comfy to use in the gym and in the streets. Also the sound quality is very amazing and crisp
This is my first Bose item.  I love them!  Truly wireless and not a cord against my neck to snag on sweat or get lopsided.  Love!!
I've had the flip 4 for about a month, don't know how JBL got sound out of a small package. Digging the flip 4
I love jbl products the quality of material ei very good, the quality of the sound is super, all the features ar very good. I just give 4 stars just becouse i expected more louder, its not a complain its has enough power i just expeected a little more!
Have fancied a Wave system for many years and last weekend we managed to purchase one at a very reasonable rate. We are amazed at the clarity of the sound at both high & low volume. Makes standard hi-fi a thing of the past.
I got these headphones for christmas and they work perfectly, these was just what I wanted. Great headphones
Very good build Quality, The only draw back is the rubber ear buds start to fall off. Apart from that it nails every basic aspect sound and build quality. Extremely Durable.
Great speakers with OEM Stereo just Ok. But with an AMP they are GREAT!. I have a JBL GX-A604 Amp, with 2 channels to this speakers and 2 bridge to a woofer with the Peugeot 208 OEM System (Speaker leve input) and it sound AMAZING very clear detail sound with decent volumen.
Just got it in today and plugged it (didn't bi amp it yet) and wow, so much detail and the bass is outstanding. I was surprised how big it was as well for some it may be a con but for me the sound quality makes up for it. Can't wait to use them as rear surrounds!
I have had my pair for 3 or four months and i still love them. All sounds are true. Bass is on point with mid and highs. These have started a collection.
An excellent center speaker.  Having two 5 1/4 inch center speakers plus the tweeter is superb - especially since 52% of the sound in a 5.1 system is generated from the center speaker.
It's amazing how loud and sharp the sound is and it's all packed into this tiny device. I still can't believe it gets 8hrs per charge! Would highly recommend.
I bought it this month, always a fan of bose products. I got it setup in minutes and now enjoying the amazing sound quality! Love it, so happy about my purchase. What I like was the bluetooth connectivity for playing music. Thank you Bose for making this affordable quality product!
Let me put it this way: for all the money I've wasted on "bargain" Bluetooth speakers, I could've bought this in the first place, saving myself a lot of trouble. This has everything you want in a portable unit. And yes, this baby cranks up the volume! Buy it. Buy it now.
I have my very own in home studio. I use them for my recording playback for editing and reviewing and let me tell you these bad boys are superb. Definitely worth the money. My advice is if u can afford it go for the atrium 5s or better!!!!!
Have this headphone now for a few weeks and sounds quality, noise cancelling and battery life is just great. Just used them on a trip from God Coast Australia to Amsterdam, for music and the movies on the plane...still 30% battery life left!
Love the sound, hope it lasts longer (2years?) than my first JBL speaker. Wish i could update software to get rid of the loud cheesy sounds upon shutdown, bluetooth pairing, etc.
I have to say I was surprised by the sound quality from this system. Very easy to set-up and the remote was easy to program. From movies, to sports, to televised music events, this small system has drastically improved the television experience.
what can i say, this speaker blows me out again like the SL mini i bought last year. SL Color has a well balanced sound, and for a price that will not put holes on your pockets. very good speaker, always listening to it since i bought it. i wonder what will be the next SL. can't w8.
This is the product I've wanted for ages. I love pure and clear digital sound and this device delivers it beautifully. Simple in design yet it packs a punch and to have that prtability tops it off perfectly.
Overall its great but only disappointment is that I could've bought on Amazon for less money. Even though you are the manufacturer,it cost more buying it thru JBL.
I bought them about six months ago and I have been extremely happy with them. The battery life is very good and the controls are easy to use, the cushioned earpads are comfortable and the sound quality is very good, made better by the over-ear design. Overall, the best headphones I have ever bought.
This is a great machine with great sound and a very versatile and intuitive on board and remote control system. It is Polk quality through and through even though Mine has one glitch which is intermittant. I love it and it was worth the wait!
Dis is da radess subwoofer I’ve even bought. Clean and smooth bass. The theater rocks rattles and rolls to every bit of low bass frequencies. Da design is clean and excellent. Da white matches out decor. Goin to buy another to get more bang fo da buck .
not bad i wasnt expecting much from these but they actually sound better than i had hoped. still missing the crisp highs polks know for.
The SoundSport headphones are a real winner, easy to setup, in-ear comfort is very good and the sound quality is everything we have come to expect from Bose.
very good series, the whole RTi, These speakers are my first Polks and I will continue upgrading with polk. The customer service is great, and they make a very good product for the price...the look, feel, and the sound !!
Got this for Christmas and was very pleased with it. It has greatvsound quality and good battery life. When i charge it though it continues to make the charging tone which i cannot turn off, have searched manual for instructions on this but no such luck. Would like for this to be fixed.
Good sound from a small package. Great size for travel. Unhappy that I cannot disable the start-up and power-down sounds. They are really annoying -- especially when I turn it on in my bedroom for some sweet tunes to lull me to sleep. Hope this issue can be addressed in a firmware update.
i have 2 speakers which are great planning on buying a third soon, very disappointed with the app could be loads better. come on bose this has got to be an easy fix
With 60 segments already in first half of the year, quality Noise Cancelling headphones are a must. My QC25 right speaker quit after over 5 years of heavy use. I purchased the QC35 based on the reviews I saw posted on this site. I was not disappointed and you won't be either.
I bought this clip because I had never seen a portable speaker like that before.  After experiencing it's convenience, I'll never go back to any other type of speaker again.  Thanks, JBL, for making my life easier!
I bought my Bose about five months ago and I am a gym rat! They have withstood the gym, outdoor workouts and a boot camp! The fit is great and doesn't bother my ears! Have that great Bose sound quality too! Have recommended to many of my friends and family!
Im in love with them, easy to pair and battery lasts a very long time. Its worth paying the price for them, and also they're ver comfortable.
I bought this last year and I have to say the sound is great and it connects to my phone super easy. The only problem I'm having is that I can't turn on the speaker with having it hooked up to the charger, this is a recent issue I am having but overall awesome product!
Bought a pair of these for an office away day party. Large room, 40 people and the Boomboxes absolutely nailed it. People couldn't believe the sound projection! Great buy and highly recommended!
This is the second one I’ve purchased. Synced with the first one great ! Now have music all over the dwvky
The best sound in low cost towers, great for small to med size room. These speakers have a nice overall tone and can push out moderate bass. I am using these with a sub.
Thii bought this speaker yesterday and the sound and ipx7 were amazing!! 20 hours of battery!!! I think this is the best jbl speaker out there!!!
I just bought a pair of these and a PSW10 subwoofer at a Circuit City and I didn't expect them to make such a huge difference over my old speakers! I was so impressed I just ordered a CSi3 center channel speaker off ebay and have been out buying new music all day!
I bought this for LIB festival and it did not disappoint...I highly recommend it. It filled our camp with enough sound and everyone commented on the bass quality for such a small device.
Bought this headphone for runing and I can say they are very stable while runing and sound very great...
Awesome product, i loved working through the setup and final product turned out very cool. I strongly recommend this if you are a curious person to know how things work
This speaker impresses right from the start. Very solid construction, great style and easy to use. Then comes the best part, awesome sound!
I've had the Bose mlni ll Bluetooth speaker for over 6 months and love it. I also have other Bose products. Top quality sound from them all, highly recommended.
Had been looking for a mobile blue tooth speaker and this fits the bill! Others were alright but not good.
I bought this product for a friend and he really liked it. Good quality and the sound and bass great. I totally recommend this product.
I just received these eyeglasses.  I like the idea of Bose creating a 2 for 1 product (sunglasses and speaker)--- plus I can hear outside noise if needed.  Thanks Bose, you never disappoint from a long time customer (25 years).
I just brought this earphone recently .Sound quality is good lyrics very clear also good for calling .I didn't get 1 year warranty for this only i got 6 months
I have bought this on December 29th of last year. I absolutely enjoy this speaker. It is loud and the sound is beautiful. Bravo!
I purchased the Bose Soundlink Color as a Christmas gift for my wife. She absolutely loves it. Fabulous sound comes out of such a small speaker. It compares to other brands which were more expensive. THANKS!
Overall this sub is very versitile I play all types of music and the sub is very balanced. It doesn't overpower my MB Quarts they blend perfect. I'm using a MTX 502 amp briged to provide 500W to the sub and it sounds awesome.
The sound is really very good even it’s been more than 6 months. The problem is after some time the speaker automatically turns on and battery life is not great it can easily run up to 4-6 hrs with full volume and continuous music playback.
What a great deal on this small speaker.  The quality was much better than expected, and the sound is quite impressive considering the size.  I've used it just about everywhere including the shower (a dry ledge up high) and have never been disappointed.
Hey guys, Is anyone else experiencing storage in the headset with the new boom mic? I keep having to mess with it to get sound in both ears. If not, the sound from the left side goes out.  Anyone else experiencing this??
use with cochlear implant and very much appreciate the clarity of sounds. music is finally discernible from chaos! over ear makes this usable , better than any other method. freq response seems adequate, but not really wide band due to implant restriction!!  NOT HEADPHONES!!!.
Love that they dont fall out when i walk like the others so definitely a must have if you dont already
Used it upstate NY in my camper, back yard at home just great sound and works great with my I phone. Also RC jack is a big plus with my satellite portable radio!!
I like the flip speaker it works for mac but I am trying to see if it works on the Nokia 520 Please can some one help me 
Overall I am happy with this sub. The price is very low, and comparing in store with the JBL and Sony, JBL sounded about the same and Sony sucked, and both cost more. I think this is a pretty good price and it definitley pounds my house.
Just got them for Christmas... I've never heard anything like it. Second to none. Feels like your at a concert, the sound quality is amazing! If your stuck on the price, go for it, these headphones are a must have!
I bought it yesterday for the kids and its more than amazing, rich bass and sound quality is beautiful. Just a few cons like : you cant change volume with the headphones (likes the T450 BT I think) but still a great gift for the kids.
Just bought this speaker yesterday and it’s worth buying. I recommend it for smaller rooms and spaces where you just watch tv and hear music here and there.   Way better than having your tv for sound. I can now hear things that the tv lacks in expressing.
Really great low-freq. sound. It feels inside of me. My body and sound are one thing now :) It so impressive. I`m happy! Music - please! Movies - please! Everything sounds good! Thanks Polkaudio.
This was a big hit for my teenager!  Now I know when he wakes up, because I hear it thumping upstairs.
Great speakers for my backyard deck/patio except for one complaint.  The sound is incredible, however, the cover on one of the speakers keeps falling off.  I placed my concern with Polk Audio so we'll see how they respond.
I ordered a set of these for my boat not knowing they were marine certified, I read about it while they were on order.  Even more of a bonus. They look great and sound great,  I also have two pair of db650's so these match perfectly.  This is a great set.  I want some more.
i got a pair quiet comfort 35 for a birthday present i have to say very nice sound from them and the best wireless headphones on the market
They work well and connect quickly. The only reason for 4 starts instead of 5 stars is I had a problem with the right and left linking the second time I used them. tech support told me about an over-all reset that is not in the manual and they have been working great ever since
First off great job Bose, you guys almost had it! This little speaker looks beautiful and has great features such as aux input, bluetooth, wifi, and Alexa built iI bought this speaker a few days ago and it really has great sound up to about 40%.
Love the speaker but it has an issue, when you use the AUX port, if the audio playing through It is particularly low the speaker seems to think it's not getting any input so it stops playing sound and picks back up when the audio get sent loud enough again. Really would love to see this fixed
All is pretty good but when i'm but my phone in the hack pocket of my jeans, the signal is really bad between the headphones and the mobile device. It's appening only at me?
Great product for the money. very easy to install. Excellant sound quality.Great service & delivery. A pleasure to do business with,
They sound better than I expected for the price. I hope they are durable. Time will tell. They wires seem a bit thin, but not an issue yet!
I am really happy with this speaker and was totally surprised how loud it is. I've actually had to turn it down once. But I love the weight of it, gives me hope that it will last for a while.
Just got it today, a great speaker..... however i couldnt help but notice that if i play through the bluetooth every song starts late for a split second..but not really a issue
I'm happy with the speaker but the volume steps are much too large (especially at low volume). So it is not possible to listen very quite music. Please take it into account for the next SW update to make the volume steps finer. THX
I love this headset.  The  noise canceling is amazing. Its easy to pair to multiple devices. The only thing I would improve is the little tip connector for the ear tips. I have has those break on me twice now...Its a bad design. They can be made stronger and should be!
I've enjoyed Polk Audio products going on 18 years now and this sub is no different.  With the crossover set 1/4 up from the bottom and loudness just under the mid setting, I hear bass in music CDs and DVD movies that I didn't know was there.  You simply can't go wrong here for the $$$.
I love the sound off it and it sounds loud for a very small speaker , just wished it had a little more bass
I've been waiting for a while for Bose to come with these bt wireless!!! Had the beats wireless bt but I was not impressed loved my Bose Bt wireless!!!
I have had these headphones for a little under a month now, and am amazed by their sound quality every time I use them. They sound great, they are very comfortable, and I never am worried about them breaking. I am more than happy with my decision to purchase the M50X.
Just got the soundbar 4000 and love it.  It was ridiculously easy to set up.  Took longer to tear down the old system and remove it.  The sound is rich and powerful for blu ray dvd's and even makes regular tv audio pop.  Plus it looks good...but being almost invisible.
Brought these prior to an overseas trip and used non-stop due to the ease, quality and ability to use for both business and pleasure! Won't be looking back that's for sure.
I got to hear a pair of these in Polk's Dodge Magnum at the CES Show.  They sounded awesome!  I have to get a pair as soon as they are available!!  A must have!  They handle the power too.
I strap this bad boy to my tool bag and I have music with me all day! Awesome sound for a small speaker, better than some job site speakers I hear!
I bought these earphones almost 2 years ago. They have survived being in the wash, and dryer, when I left them in my sweater once. They have even been dipped in a cup of coffee!! Amazingly durable, definitely worth the small investment!
I bought this to replace a Roberts radio I have had in my kitchen for years. Love the quality of the sound & easily transportable to another room if required. Thinking of buying another Bose product to add to the collection !
Just bought today from NFM and set it up.  Sounds incredible!!  Didn't want to pay $1300 for a Sonos setup!!  This was perfect.
I GOT THOSE SPEAKERS YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, TOOK THEM OUT FOR A SMALL DJ GIG LAST NIGHT. SMALL BIRTHDAY PARTY AROUND 85 PEOPLE, THE SPEAKERS ARE ARE AMAZING. I GOT A $200 TIP FROM SOMEONE AT THE PARTY, SIMPLY BECAUSE OF THE SOUND. WOW BOSE
I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband. He absolutely loves it, and he was shocked by the sound quality. This is the perfect gift for anyone. I've even enjoyed playing with it!
Wanted my Bose speaker for a while own a Bose 321 system so glad I did sounds great easy to set up perfect for my music
What can I say other than its amazing, the sound quality is great and my CD's sound so much clearer when played. Its an all-round music system and the fact that it has DAB radio is the icing on the cake. Yes its expensive but its beautiful design and well worth the price!
Well.. im okay with it it just goes off quick on full power.. and i expected small usb as charger plug so i could have charged with power bank but nooo... regardless its good thing tbf bye lol
Bought these factory re-conditioned and they were immaculate in appearance (cherry is the way to go) and sound great in basement home theater set up with the RX-A1030.
Just received my S400BT Jet Black's. They connected right away and sound great. Got the sale price so I'm a happy camper.
I bought this a couple of weks ago for my husband's birthday so he could play music from his phone at work. I am truly envious - the sound quality is fabulous, notice I didn't say 'for it's size'. I'm saving for one of my own - it truly is a 'must have' speaker.
Our 3rd Bose Wave Radio. One gift.Two purchased. Top notch sound. CD player works well. We get very good FM reception using power cord/ antenna. Agee like optional controls on radio  Like see CD player play SACD discs.
i'm a B&W fanatic but i could not afford the price, i never know that there is a speaker that could compete with B&W at very, very reasonable price. Thank God there's POLK!!!! Polk is for people who loves music and understand music. NOT SPEAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought these earphone about a month ago and I have to say that these are best ear phone I ever owned. The only issue I have is that the small ear tips are just a little to big for my ears.
Best quality! Small but is a giant! The bass is respected. I use without reforces on bass or Eq, flat is better. If could connected with androids, would be the champion of sellers.
Easy to install and configuration, the universal control connectivity is really good, appletv, tv, and cable, now. Sound Quality is perfect
Amazing open sound with great depth.  These are paired with the Studio 520C, L8400P sub, and some JBL bookshelf’s for rears for a superb 5.1 experience.    Beautiful imaging in stereo with extremely accurate sound.  Highly recommended!
Remote control poor Just two equalizations Is not possible ajust individualy low, medio and high frequenci excellent subwoofer good sound potenci good sound quality maybe the best soundbar
The most disappointing piece of Bose equipment. Complicated design that does not serve any very useful purpose. If I had known more about it I would have taken it back and bought Sonos
i was back and fourth not sure to get this or the jam box and so happy i bought this. so easy to use and set up. love the design. took a minute to sync with my iphone 5 and the sound is amazing.
Best Headphone i ever see. great sound, great design, great battery life. and with this headphone you hear Music with all big and small sounds. This Is so good.
This is a great product w/full spectrum sound (low lows, high highs & solid mids in between).  Very versatile & easy to use plus super portable.  You cannot go wrong w/this speaker!
Bought headphones for grandson, he's very happy with them. He says that sound is perfect for his needs.
Bought a Bose soundock 10 and was happy until finding this amazing Bose killer! Put this side by side with the Bose and played lossless iTunes files. Jbl for the win. Bose returned to Costco. Buy this and be amazed!
For a small tube shaped speaker, it has rich full sound. Good highs and mid’s and surprisingly good bass. I love that it is waterproof and take it with me wherever I want to listen. Great product.
This is the best center channel speaker you can get,it is very well built and the new design is absolutely beautiful.This center channel has the build,quality and sound that easely can be compared to others costing in the 1,000 to 1,500 price range
Purchased 2 speakers but the model I received would not allow the speakers to sync and be played at the same time....I kept one and gave the other to a family member....the speaker sounds great...crisp clear sound at all ranges
I sold my Bose Sound Link III and I changed it for Harman Kardon Onyx 1, The reason? Way much better sound quality and sound. Even when the speaker is bigger, it worth it since has much deep bass and sound response. This was a great buy!
Excellent you can connect everything including your cell and listen, answer calls and at the same time listen music without interruption.
This is the third, no fourth Bose product I have purchased but this lastest purchase is my favourite as the sound is brilliant, it is lighter than my previous Bose receiver and more portable which means I take it everywhere  Highly recommend this product and don’t mind saving so. Thank you Bose
You simply can't go wrong when you choose JBL speakers. The ES80 is the second set of speakers purchased this year. Also have a paif of Studio 180's in the bedroom. The ES80's have a rich, pure sound without compromise. Just be sure to power them with a high quality amp.
Hello,I just purchased a pair of Polk Audio FXi A4 surround sound speakers. To put it mildly,these speakers are simply awesome. I have a pair of Paul Barton towers, Boston Acoustics center & sub. These surrounds compliment my system like no other surrounds I've had.
Been having this system for about 4 weeks and it hasn't failed me yet. Sounds great and easy to install didn't have an issue at all. Watching movies is the best with this system I enjoyed and my family also enjoyed it. So we will be keeping this system for a long time.
i like it. it needs a longer charging cable otherwise it is a good product fo the money. it should show thw power wattage when selling it
We have the larger portable Jb wireless Bluetooth speaker and needed a few for Christmas. We wanted something small we could just throw in a bag and take. Well this is just perfect, great sound and more bang for the buck than I expected. Perfect for the golf course, beaching, etc
The most necessary workout apparatus to have next to your will and your shoes!!!! Invest in this and all things BOSE!!!
I use it for Parkour, Downhill and Running I enjoy much more with this headphones than others because never fall
This sub rounds off my Polk Audio speaker system. I was using a different sub until this one. Was there a difference?  Do fish swim in the sea?  The difference was amazing. No longer do I have boomy base that at times sounded so unatural. This sub is tight and sounds great.
The cabledelovers what it promise and that is good sound. There is only one thing that could change and that is that the one end is bent which means it has a higher tendency to break, have experienced it personally. Overall the product is great
I bought one for my girlfriend and after listening to it I was so impressed I had to buy one for myself. Sound quality is wild, I was impressed with how much base there was. Worth every dollar
Not really great for working out and getting sweaty. The odor of sweat is hard to get out of the mesh in the middle of the headset. When making a call noise cancellation is turned off, which really sucks. Does not have a strong base. Other than that I think they are pretty good.
I am a active person the main problem I have with ear buds is they fall out, but these surprisingly stay In.sound quality is good also .I will buy again.
I bought this as a gift to myself as I had given my son one and he kept bragging on how great it sounded.
WE LOVE OUR JBL PULSE 2 AND TAKE IT EVERYWHERE WITH US, POOL PARTIS, CAMPING, BIKE RIDES, PARTYING, ETC. EVERYONE IS ALWAYS INTERESTED IN IT AND WANTS TO KNOW MORE ABOUT IT. WE LOVE THE COLORS AND THE FACT THAT IT CAN BE CUSTOMIZED WITH THE APP!
These are the best earbuds I've ever owned. The features are a plus, but the best is the volume. They are loud!!! Yea!!!
This is an amazing speaker, excelent sound, nice desing and very easy to use but i have a question, is this speaker waterproof??? i'm afraid trying this by myself. D:
The Noise Cancelling Works perfectly for me, I travel a lot on planes and that is where these noise-cancelling headphones tend to shine, Low frequency areas.
One reviewer wrote "Excellent full rich sound with excellent highs, mid range, and lows. Great loudspeaker for any outdoor application." I will just add "ditto".  Got them on sale at Crutchfield.  Great sounding speakers for sure.
These headphones are better than my current wireless ones, they have a better range so I can go quite far away from my phone which is perfect in the gym. Battery isn’t the best, it could last a bit longer
I bought these looking for a overall outgoing kind of sound. I didn't find that but i did find that they have a very solid nice sound. If you're going for a quality sound these are good and also cheap for the quality they give.
I wouldn't believe if I did hear it for myself.  Clean, clear simply perfect. I didn't realize what I was missing all these year's.  This simple system brings out so much detail. To sum it up...perfect
I never thought I would  use one of these but since I’ve had I keep using great for music a timer ordering food so many things and the sound is great like every jbl product I own which is many great item great gift
I got this as a gift. I use it with my iMac, MacBook, iPad and my iPhone. Very easy to set and up. I can have it paired with 2 devices at any given time. Great sound quality. Easy to use.
I bought this for my bedroom, but after hearing the sound quality, it is now in my living room. Crisp sound quality and the subwoofer shakes my floors. The only down side is that it doesn't have bluetooth, but you can buy an adapter like I did.
I bought BOOST TV 2 days ago, which is super good sound for its size. But i connect it to my TV with bluetooth, when i watched a moive 10-30 minutes the BOOST went off(which the moive is still on) and i didnt do anything. Then i put it back on it worked again, is it some problem of the machine?
Just bought mine today, so I will write an updated review after some use. But I've been testing them out and I love them. The sound quality is amazing and the bass is perfect. The buds actually fit perfectly in my ears and are very comfortable.
I bought this so that my wife could stream her Thai music from her phone etc.. I tried it before i gave it to her and was sooooo surprised with the sound coming from something the size of a beer can. WOW. It's good... very good.. Just buy it... NOW....
Bought this online, comes with free JBL T110 earphones. Got both items for just $30. The bass sound was awesome. It's like having a party in my office cubicle. Connects easily to my mobile phone and the first time I used it, battery lasted for 8 hours. I'm more than satisfied with this item, yey!
Bought this a couple of months ago and the sound is brilliant. It's compact, clear and easy to use. The app could be better but happy with my purchase.
Very good sounding sub for the money. Mine originally had one of the faulty amps, but after the free upgrade it's really performed well in my HT setup.
Crystal clear detail, booming base, able to crank the volume. Easy to set up. Very impressed! Recommended.
I am completely impressed with this speaker  Awesome sound quality and cool hanging feature  Definitely worth the price. Jbl should make an app that can use two speakers at the same time.
It is uncomfortable that the sound speed is wrong  when two speakers are turned on at the same time, and it is inconvenient to make the sound less when connecting two speakers at the same time with bluetooth.
I bought this a month ago and I’m so happy with them. They stay and don’t fall out like others. The sound quality is amazing as well.
I replaced the factory speakers in my Ford Explorer with two pair of db570's. WOW, they sound great!!! I had planned to get a sub box installed soon thinking I would desperately need it, but the bass response is more than I expected from 5'x7's.   I am definitely a Polk believer now!
I use these headphones for a year now. And I must say they still hold very well (look like new). I use it every day and claim they really extensively. what convinced me most is the clear sound with excellent bass and the unique look. A strong buy recommendation.
I bought the JBL flip for my son birthday, He loved because it has a great and powerful sound and can be carried anywhere.
Picked up a pair based on the reviews and was completely impressed. Awesome sounding speakers with a nice punch to them.
I've heard people say that this cover turns yellow within a month, and I've had this cover for about 7 months, and it never turned yellow.   It's got little scratches but nothing major. Worth the price :)
Sound and comfort is awesome. I would recommend to everyone who is looking for great sound and comfort.
Sound is amazing; disappointed that there is not enough room to allow iPhone lightning connector to connect with phone protective cover on - creates an inconvenience.  Bose, I wish you would have given a little more room.
Purchased these today and i have to say the sound that came out of them was absolutely amazing , Highly recommended, Not to big and heavy either, A must buy.
Grade it in 5 points rangeNoise cancelling: QC 15 & 25 both 5.Low sound: QC 15: 4; 25: 4.5.Middle sound: QC 15: 4; 25: 4.High sound: QC 15: 4; 25: 4.5.You don't wanna listen without battery. QC 25 is the best in its kind.
I have received the headphones yesterday and used them this morning for my daily run.I should say they are light and fit perfectly .Sound quality is ok but not as good as I was expecting. Bass could have been a bit better !
very good sound crisp clear and powerful sound 6 atta 5 haven't heard any better out of any brand ever
I got this blue tooth beauty for Christmas. I'm an audiophile to say the least and was very happy to see JBL on the side on the box! The easiest to set up and AMAZING battery length! It goes on forever on one charge. I stand it on its end most of the time to allow the seperate sub fill the room.
I bought this as a last minute purchase when flying off on holiday. It produces such great sound that fills any hotel room and doesn't take up much room in ones suitcase. It now sits in my office and keeps me bass happy all day!
I bought these for when i graduated highschool, and i love them i use them everyday. I also like how they are all metal and a metal headband instead of plastic and they are still lightweight and for me i can wear them for a couple hours without any problems
by far the best earbuds yet! Amazing sound and very suprised how well they stay in the ear. The case is also pretty cool.
I bought Blue Xtreme on Black Friday and shipped to Azerbaijan, so using for about 3 weeks now. In love with the quality of music and power saving/usage period.
This device is easy to set up. I used it via optical cable to my existing amp and speakers and worked well and set up quickly. Only thing I would say is that it would be good if had more services available such as Google & Amazon music but great device at good price point.
I saw that the JBL flip 2 besides pairing for Bluetooth she also has an NFC pairing, but so far I could not pair my phone via NFC to flip 2, I would like to know how to do it
Belli alla vista, trasparenti, dinamici, equilibrati, buona palcoscenico sonoro, bassi profondi e puliti, ottimo rapporto prezzo-qualità !
This is an excellent sub for the price.  It has deep crisp bass.  It goes perfect with the rest of my speakers and reciever. I love it.
I bought this . Completely satisfied.  But afraid if it fallen đown if it's hang on neck while not in use . Small clip not enough . Need beter protection
For the price and performance this subwoofer gets 5 stars.   I listened some martin logan dynamo series and other polk subwoofers.   I felt this is the best subwoofer.  If you are looking for a boom boom this is not your sub. If you want the litesn to bass notes accurately this is your sub.
I needed something with clear sound and great bass capacity, to drown out office mates. these have been perfect. I am so glad I bought them. I cant even hear anyone else and I'm not blowing my eardrums out to do it. I also use them on the Harley to block wind noise, again - perfect!!
Very high end sound product with very poor quality ear cushions. Using my headphones occasionally and carefully resulting in tearing away of cushions.
Easy Installation-Great Sound - Perfect Ugrade with My Existing (7) JBL Speakers for Surround Sound 11.2 System
Perfect amplifier for you car. Price perfect, sound awesome, bass output enough to rock your car. I am using this amp with a pair of Infinity 3 way car speakers (400 watts each) + JBL bass tube 1000 watts.
Very nice speaker, had a very high quality feel to it. Sound quality is very good.  I do like the strap, just don't like the way it make the speaker look like a purse.
I purchased the Sleep Buds a few months ago due to a snoring wife.  My life has improved dramatically!  As with all Bose products, excellent quality and support.
I got these for Christmas after hearing about their great noise-cancelling and I was so impressed with the result. When you wear these headphones it becomes so much easier to appreciate music because of the crystal clear sound quality and noise isolation. I really recommend these.
Comfortable and stay in throughout the night (90%).  Great quality and sound, would like other choices of ambient sounds/music but otherwise happy with purchase!
Headphones sound great and fit well to keep you going during your workout!  So far these seem to work very well and stay in place while being active.  The fit takes a little getting used and wouldn't be very comfortable for extended use, but work great for 30-60 minutes workouts.
I am very happy I purchased this product. The sales specialist Daman Bajaj was very knowledgeable and helpful in Halton Hill store where I purchased the product.
I have got a second hand one but the sound is gread with small dimention. But with small volume level you have to take the tweeter cover out for the better sound.
My husband (a VERY loud snorer) gave me these for Christmas. They are absolutely amazing!! I seriously can’t say enough great things about them. It has made a tremendous improvement in the quality and quantity of my sleep.
Bought the SB400 a few weeks ago. Sound quality is superb, subwoofer makes it sound like I'm in a theater. Used for TV, movies, and music and I am never disappointed. Looks great in front of my 65" And the wireless sub allows more freedom in placement.
I ordered these headphones a little while back and I love them for the most part, but the only draw back is that when watching videos the audio is a second behind the video. Other than that, these headphones have fantastic sound quality and are well worth the money!
excellent price for the package. just the perfect low end needed to round out my polk rti6 speakers. highly recommended. bought them in cherry to match the rti's and they are gorgeous!
I bought this before Christmas for use with my iPad. It performs way better then the iPad speaker. Also, received excellent service from JBL.
I bought these a few months ago for my son.  He is so thrilled as they are superior to the ear bud headphones he had previously.  He said the sound is great, they are comfortable and I am a great Mom!
Top quality. I forgot to bring my speaker indoors after a day spent working in the garden. I remembered 2 days later after a series of rain showers. After some lamenting, I placed the speaker into a bowl of rice for 24hrs and months later it still works great!
Bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter ,owned 2 JBL Flip 2 speakers for few years Run hard and great..This is new addition to family and will last..Highly Recommend John..
Good quality, good design, comfort + value, bet, not the "Best buy" because its not have the "buyer friend price"...Quality need price!
I purchased this speaker about 2 years ago and I could be more happy with it.  The quality of the sound is great.  I have actually replaced my CD player with this as it has much better sound quality.
Just received mine today.  Better than expected.  Fantastic base.  Stays in place.  Don’t understand those that say they stick out too far.  Fit perfectly.
I liked it so much, better than Beats. Great sound quality and good design, very confortable, some people are saying that they are not durable, but for me they are
I got this one for $20, really good deal. Sound is really good. But still waiting for the price adjustment to get processed.
I bought speaker this week it is loud but it needs a lot more bass. The reviews all say it has a lot of bass but they are all wrong. The jbl charge 3 needs a lot more bass.
Does exactly what it is supposed to. I have had this for 4 months and I haven't had a single issue. I have dropped the case a couple of times and it protects my headphones very well! I can't even see any scuff marks on it.
Im impress really coz first time to buy JBL headphone branch and im thingking why expensive compare to other brand.  And when i try to play music from my iphone oh my sounds its perfect .
Bought these for my Harley-Davidson softail.  Was able to mount and install in about an hour.  I am super impressed by the sound quality and loudness of this product, nothing like it on the market.  Perfect addition to any motorcycle, scooter, ATV, or any powersport vehicle.
I am extremley happy with the system,i have been doing home theatre for a couple of years now,and i strongly recommend this setup,especially if you live in a condo or apartment.
I rediscovered my preferred sounds after use this headphones. Use bt on imac, ipad and android simultaneous pairs, just disconnecting from one and connecting in another.
After quite a bit of research, I decided to bite the bullet a spend a fairly high sum for the sub woofer. The product has not disappointed in any way. There is no other interference with Wifi or cordless devices as some suggested on reviews.
I used to think people where mad to spend money on earphones, but now I understand why.  They are super comfortable, even with glasses on. The quality is also really good and they cancel noise well.  Awesome!
I love these headphones. Amazing sounds with the noise canceling system. Only if they made these wireless, it'll put the beats and others to shame. We want wireless Bluetooth
I have now used for a month. Unbelievable sound!!! Easy set up. Great price. Only issue perhaps needs a slightly broader base so will not topple over so easily. Great product.
Fantastic product . Big sound has made a difference the sound on our tv.Would recommend this for anybody. So easy to setup
I have been using these headphones for two weeks. I love how I can walk around the house and be lost in my music. I love to hear the instruments that I never knew were involved in some of the songs.
Just close your eyes.. You are in consert now!! You can listen the details of music that you never heard before..
I have only had the bose system a day but love it... it is the best sound system I have ever bought.... The sound is amazing... 5-5
If you work from home and spend a lot of time on the phone then this is the answer. Hands free, portable and yet you can still hear anything else that's going on around you. Great sound quality and comfortable. Beats a headset all day.
I get my QC25 like two weeks ago and They are great the only thing is that I was expecting more noise canceling ; but other than that I like them a lot...
I had purchased another speaker and the first time water got in it started sounding weird but this boss speaker just sounds good no matter what
I also own the 400. If you are considering the 400 I suggest you spend a little more and get the 500. Both are great but the 500 really gets it done for a home theatre. I keep the 400 in my gym.
I love the speaker and would purchase the more expensive one if I had enough money. It was easy to set up.
I am very impressed with this speaker! I bought this for Christmas and was blown away with how excellent the sound quality was!
I've had the R40s hooked up to a medium sized home theater system for one month now.  I could not be more satisfied.  I have to pinch myself when I realize one can find a new pair of R40s for around $200.  An amazing value, and very sleek in profile.
Great Sound I go everywhere with it, love it. Mad because the price dropped right after I bought it. Still a good product
got a set of Jabra elite actives and they don't even compare to the Bose..they are just perfect quality with excellent connectivity for Bluetooth..never cuts out!
I have bought a lot of headphones before and they either break after a couple of months or they lose sound. When I bought the under armour headphones I was really surprised how great they work. The sound is amazing and they have lasted me 5 times longer then any other brand of headphones.
Bought this for Christmas for the misses,and it seems to be her favorite Christmas gift ever. Use it daily,for everything from music to checking the weather quickly. Still need to get some smart plugs and a few accessories to utilize some of the features,but we both love it.
EXCELLENT sound quality.   Not so artificially bassy like the beats audio... I am able to hear every nuance of the recordings I'm listening to. Very low latency. Easy to pair with phone..  I am hooked
Hi friends we found our self the winner!!!! no b-@-w no qef no klipsh no own else . get a good amp hook up the Rti 10 with good cables and u will be amized by the sounds off them .
I finally got a JBL pulse 3 and I'm really happy with it. The weight and the size and the light show colors are all on the dot for me. It's very interesting and I wish there were more items in the world this unique.
this is a fantastic speaker for the price and you wont be upset once ya hear what a fairly little device can do!!! go buy it!!
just hook it up blown away with the sound.i recommend this system to anyone looking for a great sound at a great price.
I have the Soundlink Mini since December 2014 that I purchased in the Bose store in Dundrum. This is the most amazing little speaker that money can buy and I have tried quite a few.
I love my rage 3! Mostly bc the sound is great, it comes in cute colors (I have the green one) and I can charge my phone from it! So awesome! Kills 2 birds with one stone!
Simple, great sound, connects to Bluetooth easy and stays connected. Looks very nice and you can pair additional speakers. Our friends all want them now. Little bit of YouTube research goes a long way. Great product
This is the best sound I have ever had from a tv. I have sampled a few in my senior years. I am now toying with the idea of a wave radio.
I just brought 3 days ago and connected today. The performance I describe in one word as Excellent..
someone complained they could not play from their phone. how about use the right tool for the job. use the bluetooth adapter not the internet adapter.
I bought the acoustic wave system some months ago.The system is nice and compact,and produces a very clear and natural sound.A great product which is easy to use. I would recommend to anyone.
Just got it yesterday, and I am very happy about it! I wanted cheap and good headphones and this is it. and of course-it is wirelles. The only matter with it is sometimes it can't be comfortable. But this is the best headphone you can find for 40£.
I purchased a refurbished reciever and couldn't be happier. Works great, quality is fantastic, and features are wonderful.
I bought this few weeks ago and is great but antenna fm it is so bad can't find any radio or it so bad  sounds.  Have to moving the antenna cable all the time
I'm very pleased with my Solo; looks and sounds great. Was able to easily configure the remote to operate my monitor, satellite box, blueray, and Apple tv. Would buy a replacement immediately if Soundtouch feature was included, and a backlight on the remote would be a nice too.
I bought this for the holidays....my kids love it and I love. Just tried it out, my Christmas tunes never sounded better. Very happy with this speaker so far!
I use my clip on my kayak. It is waterproof(field tested) and perfect as it has a clip already on it. It's 3 mos. old and hasn't skipped a beat.  Awesome purchase.
I bought this about 6 months ago.  I was thinking it is bit overpriced. But it is worth every penny.
Definitely a winner! Owned several other speakers of varying size and price and this definitely packs a far greater punch. Really great range of frequencies from high notes to bass. Previous Bose app was a big tedious, but since its been updated, I couldn't fault it. 10/10 recommend this product!
Great sounds quality.  Unfortunately, when very windy, the wind sound is amplified unless noise cancelling is turned off which makes the features useless
Had these speakers for over a year now. Use them indoors for daily TV and movies. Quality, clarity, range and volume are excellent. Still amazed at how good they sound compared to their size. Just need JBL to sell factory wall mount brackets for them.
Just what I've been looking for, been using them for over a year and has never fallen out while running
I bought my Companion 5 on 2007. It will simply perfect! Everyone who hears it is impressed. The only problem I had in this 8 years is that, I just bought a new Control Pod that was not workint well. I love Bose.
i have listend to them and they sound fantastic they have awesome noise cancellation they are super expensive though
I bought this to use by the pool for water aerobics, so I use it outside. The sound is excellent, and loud enough to hear over the splashing. Love it!
I am very satisfied with this overall. I'm curious about the charger specification. Is there any damage to the battery in the charger specification below?  - DC9V 1.67A (or DC5V 2A)
It brings a new improved quality to the TV we also stream music through out TV and can listen to it in true BOSE quality 2 for one in this deal.
these little speakers sound great. for the money you would be hard pressed to find somthing better. great as a surround or a small room bookshelf. very clean and responsive sound. if you close your eyes you would swear you were listening to a small three-way speaker.
Sound is excellence and so are the noise cancelling, I have Beats Pros and they are not as loud or bossy as them but the noise cancelling makes up for them in busy environments.
I wrote a good review recently and wanted to add to it. I'm still very happy with the sleepbuds but as I feared when I first listened to the alarm, I slept right through the alarm last night. The volume is not enough and the alarm sound is not obnoxious enough.
So, my wife and I have been wanting Bluetooth speakers, and decided to buy a couple. I can't even describe how good the sound is that comes out of these things!  By far, the best money spent to date - this year!!
Dash cam is great....gives peace of mind, user friendly, great camera and picture quality with good warnings ie: lane change, from trusted name in motoring gadgets. Can use one or 2 SD cards for continuous recording.
The buds are fantastic. Bose has come a long way. I love these earbuds. The design, modern and compact.  The performance; excellent sound. I hear songs in ways I hadn't before. Customer service is incredible. Their personnel are top notch, knowledgeable professionals.
Amazing  These are the most wonderful headphones I have ever seen . I can hear the entire notes and strings. These headphones are magical. Very comfort for jogging in all terrains where I am regularly jogging in KBR park, Hyderabad, India. Thank you Bose.
Bought it roughly a month ago, its been great ever since. What's sad is I cant use it to its fullest ability, flatmates.
I bought this sound system,and overall is good. It can be improved by link it with an Smart TV as an option. Also, surround options would be great.
great little unit,sound is just like the wave unit. you can take it anywhere the garden holidays etc
Bought it today..great sound,clarity could be better, bass could be better Study and easy to use, great coulers and built..good bluetooth range The only thing that is worrying me is that the JBL connect sofware is not discovering the speakers!!!
The sound is great. There is only one Bose that can help out people who loves great performance, there is out there. By now I have it and works great. I plugged to the electricity went back for optical plugging and done!!!.Can't wait for something awesome like when tv solo was out there
I just bought a pair of these headphones... They are a bit of trouble to get sinked with windows, but well worth it......
Great product with great sound.  I especially like the streaming radio stations provided by the TuneIn app that this unit now supports!!!!!
Have been looking to purchase the Acoustic Wave for some time. Was advised by the saleslady that it would be adequate for use in a village hall. Tried it today in a LARGE hall and was amazed. The sound filled the hall at 2-3 volume. Very pleased.
overall very good speakers but you would definately have to add a sub for the bass. but other than that these speakers are awesome
We rnjoy it every afternoon on our patio.  Plenty of sound on beach trips but compact enough to hang of my chair or canopy.  Battery life is the best of any I have experienced. No connectivity issues so far.   Couldn't be happier at this price point.
I love this thing.     The sound is crisp and clear all the way up to max volume. It's not just a speaker.
I honestly have only spent an hour with this pedal.  I used it with a clean source and as a boost for extra dirt.  I also tried it as a fairly clean EQ.  Everything works well.  The pedal feels solid.  It has a good solid set of features.  I would recommend it for an addition to a collection.
Great sound. I bought this about a month ago. End it doesn’t disappoint. The sound is wonderful. It’s built very tough. The batteries last a long time on one charge. I am very satisfied with the purchase especially with the price I got !
I've never had headphones like these and now I wonder why it took me so long to buy them. Wonderful!!
is it possible to connect the bose quite comfort 35 wireless headphones through the bluetooth with Mac Book Pro?
Sounds is so clear i love it! Wish they weren’t out of stock on the colors tho but other than that great product!
I absolutely love this item. It has clear sound the bass is amazing and its travel size. It's easy to connect to my phone and it chargers pretty quickly. U also love thar fact that I can listen to music while it charges. So great sound is perfect and it's awesome
Bought this a day ago and i am amazed with its power compared to its size. Plus it is so easy to bring and put anywhere without worries of damaging exterior coz it is covered with rubber case.
Had this about a month and had plenty of use around the house and in the garden. Really easy to connect plenty of volume very clear sound with a solid base. Shoulder strap really good but would be better with a handle. Battery lasts for ages.
Sound quality is pretty good considering its a wireless portable speaker. It has JBL's flagship durability. It's loud enough to hear over traffic while walking even clipped to my backpack. Decent bass response. Over all the price is a little high, but you get the JBL brand behind it!
I received the JBL charge as a Birthday gift from my boyfriend. Its awesome! Good sound quality much better than some of the competition.
They are very good sounding,I love mine.I really love the way my headphones sound much less no cords , that's awesome
I was brought this as a present by my boyfriend as my old unit was starting to fail. I was blown away by the quality of sound that this little device gave out and use it on a regular basis in my kitchen. I would recommend this to anyone.
What does it not do well?  Great clarity, volume, bass, battery life, easy of use, attractive, etc.  Might quit using my home installed system.  I love this thing.
awesome bass and great volume for a small package.  Battery feels like it lasts forever and the front indicator is super nice to see how much is left.  I use it at home, at the beach and all over and it works great.
I bought last week, and I am very satisfied. Fits very well, the sound is incredible! No problem with Bluetooth conection (I use Apple Watch 4) when running indoor/outdoor listening music. I recommend!
We love the Charge3, even my 1 1/2 year old son who loves getting baths with his speaker listening to his favorite tunes.  Although I've been having problems with charging it since yesterday. It just won't charge. Please help!!!
I got it from the Dubai Airport, it has great power, and good quality sound. The battery lasts forever! It deliver good bass sounds!
The earphones are pretty cool.  Bass wasn't deep enough for me but the quality was good. I love how there's a little tab thing by the ear plug so that it stays put. That is awesome. Overall, great earphones!
I love these , they  sound good and have over a 10 hour battery life, and they let you know how much of a charge is left  from hi medium to low via voice , pretty durable too a must have!!!
Is very best sound I have ever seen,and can use to do so many things with it one change your phone.I have recommend so many friends and family in to it which so many have boeth then
Defiantly recommend. The only thing is, I wish the user could be able to skip songs by using the buttons on the speaker.
I bought this with birthday money nearly two years ago now and my dock is still working to a fantastic standard, making my music sound quality every time. The AUX port is also really useful. Efficient and so easy to use and travel light! Highly recommend this product!
Sounds amazing and with the employee discounted price makes it even nicer!!! Highly recommended if you don't want any wires or if you live in apartment etc. : ) Over all A+++
I have bought Bose 35 today and on the back of the box it says made for Ipod ,I phone and Ipad. WI'll it work withSamsung phone and tab let ,Panasonic TV and my Denon Radio^CD player.Do not want open box incase I have to return it.
Bose came up with something that was very Bose the gift Clarity to all my jazz space that I wanted portability to take it anywhere and it isn't bulky this is one of my best Bose Investments
Sounds nice, but not as much gain on tap as I expected. Very similar tones to a jcm 800 pushed with an eq.
I just purchased this item and I’m so glad I did, despite the steep price.  The bass is very deep, yet defined.  There is also a well-balanced rich sound to his unit.  Syncs well with my iPhone X, and my IPad Pro.  I can even control the volume and music selection with my iWatch. I love it!
This speakers it's just incredible, I love it and I love it so much , so special for a music lover like my self .. Wifi , blue tooth speakers please carry on with bigger speakers too .. Love it .. Thank you Bose I am not going to buy any other make .. Gracias , much as Gracias
I bought these speakers a month ago and I find that these speakers are the single best purchase I have made in speakers EVER.
Great headphones! Great sound quality and great fit...way better than my monster ones which don't sound as good an d stop working after 2 to 3 months use...would have given 5 stars but no pouch to keep the headset in and could do with being a tad louder...
But it was on a 12 hour flight, the headphones were super comfortable and worth every penny paid just got that fact. Not to mention the amazing Bose sound!!!!  Love them!
I will agree with most of the reviews here in that the Monitor 50's provide a crisp, bright sound. The bass is a little muddy which is why i went back to Ciruit City the next day and bought the PSW10 subwoofer, this allowed the Monitors to really shine!!! Another great speaker from Polk!
Very loud compare to size. Music , bass is very good. I am enjoying music, local radio, Pandora with this speaker. Friends are impressed.
This is actually amazing.the bass is good af. The bass vibrates my whole arm while holding it and the music is super clear. Get this speaker it very attractive looking and is well made and the bass is sooo nice
these RTi 600 speakers are perfectly designed to create amazing sound quality. i've compared them to competors speakers twice the size and none of them sounded as great as these do.
After all reviews I was a bit scared but everything is ok. Sound is good as well. They connecting very fast without any problems. Hope it's gonna stay like that ;)
Saw these at best buy and they are fantastic, great price too.  Easy to install and comes with tips for paiting the product other colors.  I acutally like these better than the more expensive Bose model
Waterproof for the jacuzzi, beach, carry anywhere, and what we all always want, have it in all places without worrying about how long my charge will last!! Awesome 12 hours without plugs!! Overcharging Audio!! SIMPLY GREAT!!
My first wireless headphones and I am very happy with them. They are light, sit tight (which makes them great for sport) and have a good sound. I don't have them for very long yet, so I can't make a statement about their durability.
I actually bought 2 of these speakers, one i use for my laptop which connects through the aux in port in the back of the speaker, it will auto shut off even though music is playing through the speaker?
I bought 2 pairs for my 10yo son and 8yo daughter for Christmas and they are spot on for this age group. The sound quality is excellent and the ease of use is age appropriate.
I am loving how small and powerfully this amp is it's class d so it draws very little power but it's powerfully enough to push s3-1224 to its full potential which is plenty bass
I bought this a month ago and when it arrived I was completely blown away by its size plus when I turned it on the impressive sound had no match all in all I give it a 5/5.
I work on an ambulance and this thing gets knocked around and wet a lot but it still works well and the sound is amazing!
I bought this mainly because my kids decided to play submarine with my last one, now I don't have to worry!
It's super dope, all around solid speaker, but I think the visual flash may distract people from greater audio quality that can be found in other high end speakers that cost less.
I've had my old flip for years and it travels with us everywhere. Outside for picnics, camping, parties (just in case). It also fits perfectly in my bike water bottle holder for long rides. Great sound for it's size and love that I don't have to worry about getting stuck in the rain.
I bought this 3 months ago and loving it. So easy to carry around, gives out a GREAT sound and it's easy to set it up. A possible improvement might be to go for a 'cone' design so that the sound can be heard from any angle.
since I purchased this speaker, 3 of my friends have also bought one because the sound is so rich and the bass is so deep. I would recommend this to anyone who loves to listen to great sounding music
I redeemed for one of these from Pepsi. I don't play video games BUT I love all the features. Sounds great too!  Bluetooth learns your tv remote commands powered sub out preset EQs bass boost
Extremely nice system, the sound quality and volume coming from the small Jewel Cube speakers is AMAZING!The only thing I would say is a let down - there is no AUX in :-
I had no idea that I even needed this item until i tried it. It was so easy and intuitive to set up and the sound quality is amazing!  I’ve used this in so many places that I never thought that I would be able to bring music with me. For the money, this speaker is definitely worth it!
I've been using this amp to power the Morel "Hybrid" speakers in the doors of my '11 Silverado for a little over 3 years now and I couldn't be happier with it. It packs plenty of power per channel in a relatively small package which suited my needs perfectly.
These are some sweet 4x10's.  Well made and decent bass response for an oval shaped speaker.  I like the crossover.  I fit these in a 91 Sonoma and had no trouble putting the crossover behind the speaker panel hidden away.  My truck is pumpin; with polk's all around now.
I bought this speaker 3 months ago and it awesome, I carry it everywhere and you can set it in the middle of your room and it will sound very good around your room.
I love this speaker.  The sound is crystal clear.  I especially love to take it camping or on the boat.  The water resistant feature makes it a take along favorite.  It's a great value, too!
I am using it with my Iphone, nice sound, I am happy with it. easy to pair. now I am trying to install it to my laptop windows 8.1 and the machine does not detect it. Any ideas? thank you for your help
Bose is always my choice and I was glad to purchase this one. It adds to my collection of headphones.
I purchased my RT-16's in 1996 and they have been excellent speakers.  I just bought a pair of Monitor 70 series II, and the RT-16's are a better speaker.  Maybe the new speakers need to be broken in before I can make an adequate comparison.
First impressions are very good.Way better than the built in speakers in our 78" curved 4K Samsung TV.So good in fact,that we are off to Trafford Centre today,to look at a cinema set-up at the Bose shop.
I love this speaker!  Great sound and I've even dropped it in the hot tub and it still works.  I don't think it's supposed to be water proof, but nobody told it. Mickey
JBL charge 4 stands out like it’s previous charge 3 with better sound stage and overall features.  Battery life is awesome and you won’t be disappointed with the purchase. The bass is rich and connection to all Bluetooth devies have been easy.
Just received this from my wife for my birthday and I love... It was simple to set up and fills the room with the sound that our HDTV was not able to
These are great earbuds. I got them for a great price - $5, and They are great for the price. They stay in your ear great and the sound is good. The only drawback is that the wire is a little in the flimsy side, so you may have to be careful with that. Good cheap headphones.
I bought this a few days go and it was worth it at the price I got it for. Very very tough and durable! Sound is great nothing spectacular. Sound is balanced for every genre.
Excellent, as usual, no disappointment with Bose. I've been using Bose speakers for over 30 years now and again they have amazed me.
I bought these and I could not be any happier ! They sounds great and have amazing quality , the best feature is the Bluetooth and they stay charged forever .
Also got it on Boxing day 65% off. Connected them with my Yamaha 5930, entry level receivers. At this price , I am pretty satisfy with its sound.
Also i have the Accoustimas system. cant fault any of them for sound or reliability. Hear them for yourselves. they are amazing. the only thing i would like Bose to look at supplying is a seperate bluetooth adaptor that you can plug into any of the connections.
I bought a Charge 3 about six months ago. I liked it so much I bought two more for gifts. The people I gave them to love them. I paired them up for New Years party and everyone was really impressed with there sound. Keep up the good quality JBL
Makes my ford explorer thump better than my eclipse subs ever could... puching them with a rockford fosgate punch series 800w amp.
I've had it about two weeks and absolutely love it! It sounds great, base is good, crisp clear  sound, light weight, and goes anywhere. I've it used in ridng my bicycle - put it in the bottle holder and away I went... Highly recommend it.
Got this for Christmas-easily paired with my phone and take it hiking.  Battery lasts and sound great! Love it!!!
Bought it for my husband's birthday. I thought it was a little excessive at first, but it has been awesome and he loves it! The sound quality is top notch, it travels well and turns up the fun to any location!
i won this as part of a challenge conducted in my company. From then on, I have fallen in love with this. Awesome sound clarity, good comfort as I use these while I jog.
Purchased these to replace a set of HTD middy's and to complement my RTi6's, CSi3 & PSW404. Could not be happier. Sound is much cleaner and the movie watching experience is much better!!
Very happy with it,it's very comfortable and the sound is great. Just exploring how loud it can get but I'm not sure if it's the speaker capacity or the setting of my music on my phone. Otherwise I'm very happy with the purchase.
It my first time buying a product from JBL and this speaker is perfect with a lowest price. The sound is clear and bass is very loud. Even thought the speaker is small but the sound and bass is great.
Great wireless bass excellent sound, great performance, the onda comment to improve is the control, i need switch every time between buttons to turn on the tv & turn on the sat.
I loved the portability of Flip 4 and its powerful yet clear sound. My only "complaint" is related to passive Bass speakers that unlike Flip 3 these do not seem to be as scratch resistant as they are acrylic.
Great fit, great sound, great service, controls could be a little more prominent. Over all very happy with my purchase.
I work in a noisy factory. So it can be drowned out, but once you hear the quality of the product and it's functions. It's totally worth it.
I've had mine since 2010 and they've never let me down.They impress everyone who sees/hears them.  I used to have them as computer speakers but now they serve as a full blown surround for our main tv. They are capable of amazing things. It doesn't get any better than these.
The Aura is fantastic.Everyone that see's it thinks it looks cool but then they hear it and they are truly amazed at the clarity and the thump it produces!
Own the JBL Charge 3 For about 3 Months, Love it.  Awesome design, What also Represents The Flip 4.  Bass Is Always great  Especially the Radiators, Happy with my Purchase
I have had these for years, and am currently using them for surround speakers with a PSW150 and R30's for fronts. They have good clarity, and superb midrange that just about every other polk seems to. not much bass, but for surrounds or a second system they still work great.
I am not a professional when it comes to sound, however the sound that comes out from these headphones is truly superior to the sound from other headphones (Sony, Panasonic, etc.). The price that I paid for them during Black Friday week contributed to this overall review.
Ive had these for a week now and absolutely love the sound. I have multiple other pairs of headphones (Bose, Klipsch, Beats) These by far are near the higher end. The only issue I have with them is I wish I could buy wing tip attachments for them like the synchros reflect has.
I but this speaker not that long ago and when the bass hits it just turns off and doesn't turn back on and I just a new one
I never really  write reviews  but these jawnz are so dope.  The sound is unlike anything else.Only negative  I have to say is theic during calls isn't great.  You need to be in a quiet  environment . It's definitely  worth the money..
I bought this recently and all I have to say is that google assistant works amazing with google home, it streams YouTube and Netflix on your chrome cast by making a simple command , bass is not the best but has good sound , overall this speaker is great to have assistance in your daily life
These speakers are great.  Matched with Onkyo receiver for rear surrounds.  I am going to get a pair for the front surrounds also.  I have the white version Tl3 from crutchfield.
I treated myself to the Bose wave sound touch I just love it, its my new favorite thing the sound is just amazing. Easy setup right out the box
I bought this one for my son and he absolutely just loves it!!! Buying another one today for my son in law!!!
When your phone cannot deliver on the sound you want...the SoundLink Color Bluetooth speaker does!  So glad I chose it.  Beautiful sound and easy to bring along anywhere.
I was given these headphones as a gift,the sound and bass are absolutely wonderfull!It does seem a litte bit fragile since i use it during excersises i noticed that the fit around my head lossened but overall i love it
Was given as a gift this Christmas by my brother. I never expected the sound to be this fantastic from such a small portable device. Enjoying many moments with it from the kitchen to the dining table. Best Christmas gift this year for sure.
I got this speaker a couple months ago. Used it a two days ago worked fine. Plugged it in today no lights nothing it won't turn on.
The quality of the construction and sound of this speaker is the cream of the crop.  My husband and I grew up in the era of big floor speakers that stood 4 feet tall.  The JBL Charge 3 is a little gem that matches the quality of those big speakers and has many features that we have yet to discover.
These headphones red the best money can buy. The noise cancellation is outstanding, they are extremely comfortable, impeccable speakers/sound quality and overall a great product.
We bought ours yesterday. Set up was very easy and it sounds great. We are very pleased with our Bose.
I received this speaker for Christmas this past year. It is probably my favorite Christmas gift of all time. The sound quality is amazing, with fullness that never ends. I use this speaker at least a couple of times a day. It is great for folk music to classical and perfect for a dorm room.
This is a great speaker; I received it as a gift! It packs a lot of sound for its tiny size and is extremely convenient to carry around, especially with its size.
I bought this a couple months back install them in my 2011 jeep patriot and the sound so amazing and clear love the base hits pretty good
Works very good considering the price. We live in a rural area and have a steel roof on our home. Reception is difficult and this was a reasonable solution .
I have a few pair of the Inspire earbuds and I love them. They are rugged and far more comfortable in my ears than other earbuds are. So glad to be able to still buy them!
Won this speaker in a recent competition held by JBL. The speaker is amazing, pretty compact and and amazing punch bass sound; it's great..thank you JBL.
I use these headphones at work for music (approx. 10 hrs. a day) and the sound quality of JBL headphones is second to none.
I love the sound that these put out and how small they are.  They fit perfectly on my desk and are very loud with good quality. Great buy.
Usebit in the camper as a sound system alternative. Bluetooth the mp3 player and you have complete control of your music. Useful on site as well. Good sound, plenty of volume, easy to use. Love it!
I was SO happy about the excellent 'Bose'-sound, that I purchased another speaker...BUT...this doesn't work...how can I connect 2 speakers to 1 source???
The sound clarity of this unit is simply amazing. After listening to XM on my home audio system with this unit, I almost dread listening in my care. This is a must by for true XM fans.
Flat wireless headphones.... these are so comfy on your ears!! I used these for a l9ng coach journey. Only issue is when your bluetooth cuts outs, so do the headphones!! Apart from that they sound amazing, look fab and they are so comfy
I give this 5 stars as it is excellent for what it is. Of course this little box is not going to perform like one of the larger bluetooth speakers by JBL, but for someone sitting at a desk this product sounds very good. I would buy this again after having owned it for a couple months.
I read reviews, tried on every headset I could. It all boiled down to comparing to Bose. It is like comparing each car you experience to a BMW. I agonized for 2 months and I bought Bose today. I am in heaven. From the fit, to the sound, to the construction. Why pay good money for less.
I got this for my son and at first he didn't like it because it was small however, his views on it changed quick after he heard the volume of the speaker!
I bought this on 11/6/17  the sound is great  the distance of the reception is great, I left my phone in my office and walk all the way to the back of the building and i can still hear the music from inside my office.  great speaker.  carry them everywhere now.
I really like my little speaker, it provides great volume and sound.  I am taking it with me to the beach.
I bought this system last week and am already in love with it's simplicity and sound quality. Very easy to set-up and the variety of music this opens is second to none. I look forward to enjoying great music with the versatility of web, bluetooth, CD and radio.
Brilliant did exactly what we needed it to do, mum is a little deaf and has problems with speech clarity. Cleared it up wonderfully
I have twoAcoustic Waves music systems but i need to have one repaired.  The CD player is not working.  Where can I send it to have it repaired?  Thank you
Read and watched reviews online.A small compact great speaker can't go wrong with many uses will buy another soon. Happy camper!!
Very pleased with the sound. Projects highs and lows quite well. Using it primarily for music in our yard. Sturdy, protective and simple. Nicely compliments the iPod. Great to see that Polk still has its headquarters in "Bawlmer, hon."
Mine will play three song maybe four but then it will stop receiving its connection with the Bluetooth phone. I tried it with my kindle HD 9.8 it acts the same way.
perfectly designed for whatever music you like. very tight, clean, and accurate. best sound quality sub in this price range!
Received as a gift.  The best outdoor speaker there is!  Compact portable Bluetooth, lasts all day poolside!    High Quality sound, very cool light show too!
Best sounding compact speaker out there. Volume is amazing, and so portable and durable it goes everywhere park,beach,pool etc
WOW, I can't say enough about this product and the software for it. I have bought all kinds of products that I was not happy with but this product surpasses all of them. So glad that Bose came out with this and well worth the money.
I bought it a month ago & I'm so happy i bought the best one thanks to bose for their sound engineering & adaptability
I LISTEN TO THE XRt12 EVERY DAY. OPTICAL CABLE TO A BOSE 6.1 SYSTEM. THE AUDIO QUALITY IS OUTSTANDING, THE XM LISTENING CHOICES COULDN'T BE BETTER. ONCE YOU HEAR XM THRU THE POLK YOU WILL NEVER GO BACK TO FM OR AM TALK RADIO.  MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS I WISH THIS UNIT HAD COME TO MARKET SOONER.
Excellent sound and portability, ease of use and value for money (£69.99). Works great with my android Nexus 6P as well as other bluetooth devices such as my tablet and mac. Great for traveling wire-free.
The construction is reasonable and the over ear is comfortable - but could be a little more generous. However, the sound is excellent.
I love these headphones they have been my best the sound is great i would recommend this to everyone good sound quality and comfort
I bought SoundTouch 30, a year ago. It is OK via WiFi and Aux inputs. Besides using Airplay app on iOS, I also used the applications to stream music (via wifi connection) as AllConnect and Allstream for Android OS; Airfoil for Windows OS; they are OK.
Finally decided to invest my hard earned cash on my first Bose product, to say I wasn't dissapointed is an understatement. Stunning sound at all levels and easy to use either directly or with the free app. To sum up in one word.....Brilliant
I brought this two days ago and so happy. I have many bose speaker systems such as wave radio, for home theater, for computer and more... but it is best size and sound.
is a great affordable speaker wish i had spent the few extra bucks for the dxi 460p but over all a great product
It just works. I'm a photographer and it's my first companion while i retouch. The bluetooth range is impressive as well when i take bathroom breaks. Love it.
these speakers have awesome highs and mids, and good bass output. better than my jbl and kenwood 6x9s i used to have. i would recommend them to everyone!
I bought this for my roommate for her birthday and I love it!  It is small yet loud.  I may buy one for my mom next!  I definitely recommend this speaker.  Also, I ordered directly from JBL and shipping went very smoothly and on time - much appreciated!
I bought it $19.99. Sound is fantastic. I am happy. I am Korean. I Can't speak English well.  Thanks.
Unbelievable value from these people! I bought this to go with my Jamman guitar pedal. Unlocks tons of new possibilities.
The sound quality is very good and they are very comfortable to wear. Bought two and my daughter and I are extremely satisfied!
I bought this last January and went back last month to bought another and sent it to London England, so am I super satisfied you bet you.
lack of good look,bass , ir remote set up though mention in benefit manuals in company website , automatic input device( bluetooth, apple cable& 3.5 mm jack) mode set up & carrying handle but others are excellentexcept scratchy glossy finishing.
Its my second Bose product.. and am happy to say that am truly satisfied with this !! Awesome sound quality and superb noise reduction.Good work guys !!!
these things really pack the punch. very crisp sound but if you want to crank it up these push out a lottttt of power
Great sound. You can easily fall asleep with these on. Perfect for long trips. However the USB connection can be touchy. My previous model’s connection became unstable until it went out. Bose did an excellent job replacing and honoring the warranty.
This are great speakers, i demo Niles, Yamaha, JBL and with out a doubt this are far more open and sure enough when i hooked them outside at my Patio they are great. Love the quality. What do you expect they are polk audio. All my speakers are polk audio they kick @$$!!!!!! Good job polk.
i just bought these speakers and installed them last night an man they sound greati also used the  xtc baffles.  i have a phoenix gold 4 ch amp runing the intereors.  i have two kicker s12l7 run buy a phoenix gold 1200 watt amp and everything soumds great.
I just listened to those audios while playing music albums + watching movies at the same time into Private's Quiet Room > just like where am I at my local public library...
This little speaker packs a big punch.  I have JBL speakers in my SUV so I knew I could count on this one to fill my portable needs.  And you can't beat the price!  Highly recommend!
This adapter is absolutely great I love it. I have tried many things but nothing compares. Absolutely awesome
We added this to our T-Mobile account to make up for the Tap we bought last year. This speaker exceeded all of our expectations in terms of how well it projected the sound and that we can link it to similar devices. Excellent buy!
When the speakers arrived, I was doubting the quality of sound. Once I plugged into my laptop, I did not feel the need of woofers. Wonderful speakers.
I got mine for my birthday and i have to say, it is by bar the most amazing speaker i've ever listen, the sound is so clear you can listen Billy Ray Cyrus dissapointment. xDAwesome Speaker Bose, Thank You.
Bought this to replace my old home surround sound the sound is superb and not as obvious, especially with the wireless Sub Woofer. Also have the sound touch so can play all our music, radio as well from my iPhone looking now to buy a Bose wireless speaker to compliment the system.
Worked great and flawless until upgrading to iOS 8.3 Great product hence the 5 stars and can get around the fault by using the jack input. Apple at fault, real shame
Sound is amazing for such a small speaker, love the clip ingenious design, please make a 2016 version!!!
I LOVE THESE!!! Very comfortable, nice case for travel. And the sound quality is way better than I have ever experienced. I used to use a lot of Skull Candy and Sony headphones and ear buds. But I now see a huge difference in the two. No complaints from me.
I brought this for my son and he loved it. great sound, great overall packaging. definitely recommend for any celtics fan...
I purchased this product a week ago and was not sure how much I would use it. I use it more then  any of my other 4 Bose speakers.  When I go to a Cigar Lounge I turn on my jazz and enjoy the wonderful sound and still able  have a conversation.  I recommend this product.
I listened to EVERY outdoor speaker available.  The sound and look -at this price- of the Atriums cannot be beat. I have the 45's on the deck, and the 55's along the fence in the yard.  Great sound for outdoor parties.
I bought one 8 months ago loved it so much I bought a second one last week, and wow with the jbl connect app I set the to stereo and the separation is incredible, it sounds as good as my boat sound system that cost me so much more then two of these blue tooth speakers
Bought two to mount in my Polaris Razr. I needed speakers that would link wirelessly. I was stoked when I found these and they worked just as advertised. Highly recommend.
I got this product in a very good deal. I usually JBL products. This one, though it looks it produces powerful sound. Blue tooth range is awesome. The only negative i noted is the clock is not much visible. But I dont mind that as I really biought this for bluetooth speaker,
I have never had such a great sounding set up in my life. The bass module added to the soundbar is amazing. You can actually feel the bass.  My teenage son also loves it.  I definitely would recommend bose to friends.   The design is also a plus, it looks great.
I bought this 2 weeks ago, it’s amazing. I first wanted beats, but the prices are unbelievable. Found these and immadietly bought them. The comfort is outstanding, sound is amazing and the beat is amazing. Wouldn’t say one wrong thing!
I was SO fortunate to find these at a ridiculously low discount on Cyber Monday. These headphones provide the best wireless sound I have ever experienced. The touch functions operate flawlessly, and the charge lasts for days. They work great for phone calls as well.
bought this two years ago i think, and the bluetooth stopped working. disconnected all my devices and now it wont reconnect :/   This is the only problem i've had, it works perfectly except the bluetooth connection
I enjoy listening to podcasts while sleeping and don’t have to worry having ripped wires the next day! The downside is incoming phone calls is played on one earbud instead of both!
I bought this last month for my boyfriend and we loved it! Simple and perfect for someone who’s not looking to spend too much on headphones! And they’re pretty too!
Bought this last week after hearing one at friends party, fantastic rich sound and super easy to use.
Well as you all know these ROCK THE PARTY, that is all I really have to say, I have had them for about two days now and they blow all my other speakers away
You would think headphones would come with more than what looks like a roughly 8 inch cable for charging. A wall unit would be nice but at least provide a cable with enough length to be useable.   Other than that, I have no complaints after about four hours of continuous use.
so I've bought several pairs of these to give as gifts and I've had my own pair for over a year. I switched to these from Beats on ear and couldn't be happier. the JBLs are more comfortable, much cheaper, sound just as good, and are WAY MORE DURABLE than the Beats Solo line. JBL ftw...
It's drive my Celling MC60 and the sound is very good, but when I use the watch TV I put in Optical Input and I can command the sound with my Polk App.. Need to get up and push the button... It's frustrating.. but for listen music with my DLNA server and Spotify is very good
I put these speakers in my 1994 S-10, and they were a perfect fit (door). Excellent sound quality, with just the right balance of midrange and treble for my liking. An amplifier brings these speakers to life like I never expected. A good choice that I would easily make again!
I bought 3 of these for Christmas gifts and they were a hit. Everyone loved them & the sound is clear & loud.
Great unit, although there is one "issue" when playing volume low....It's either too low or too high. You should try a more scalar resistor to your volume, so it is more lineier.
They aren't the most comfortable on the ears however, these headphones are lightweight and have a Bass boost feature (not very noticeable). They are good at drowning out the noise of a busy commute, not too heavy and have very little noise leakage. I would recommend.
How can people say they have had this for over a year when it just came out? This is a different product than the original Solo. I have not yet purchased but heard it in the store and it sounds great. I was amazed the sound came from the single unit.
Signed up for Spotify today after I was led to believe Alexa would work on this music app. Very disappointed to say the least as it does not act on command and only play via Bose Music app or bluetooth....Why advertise Alexa and Spotify if not compatible??
Just with all my other Bose products, they all surpass the bar of what is previously thought of possible. Design, functionality, quality of sound are fantastic.
Have used this for the past few months and I am still astounded by the richness & depth of sound from such a small item. Can transport from room to room with ease. Absolutely fantastic & well worth the price.
I've been a fan of Polk speakers since the early 90's and these A3s continue my love of Polk.  Very well designed, reasonably priced and they handle the wide variety of music that I listen too.  An awesome sounding bookshelf speaker.
I've had the 120 for about a month and a half now. Super happy with the sound and no trouble with sub issues. I was looking to upgrade my old sound bar in the bedroom and came across a Bose demo station. The sound is like having a small movie theater in your bedroom. This system rocks!
Did my research, Bose brings superior comfort, funtion and features and after wearing for long periods does not make my ears hot or sore. Best in sound and noise cancellation!!!!
I have been looking quite a while for a good wireless speakers for my apple Mac Pro.....and I went back to the Apple store,and I sat again with the salesman,and we went threw all the wireless speakers...and yes I bought the Bose..I am so happy...Thank You
The charge is a perfect addition to our golf game.  Fits great in a drink holder and keeps us going.
Great sound that gets plenty loud even outdoors.  The only issue on my Go is the battery discharges even when turned off.  So if i charge it up and don't use it for a week or so it will be deal when I try to use it.  I get around this problem with a portable battery pack.
This has great sound, crazy long battery life, can charge your device while playing and it it waterproof!!!! Great job JBL!
I love not having a wire going to my pocket all the time! And everyone who sees them is always amazed!
The sound and fit is great. They hold tight when I jump and run around and the acoustics are crisp, clear and bass is just right. The best bluetooth headphones I’ve tried yet
I've had these headphones for about three weeks now. It's been so long since I've had a set of wired ear buds and I can say these are amazing. They sound great, loud, comfortable, and the magnetic feature is useful.
This speaker is very loud for it's size and fills the whole room with sound! The bass is also very deep! Best portable speaker around! The bearts pill does not even compare with this product, it's brilliant!
I bought mine 3 months ago and I can not express how much I have liked them. I coupled my AM10 with Yamaha RVX 583 Av Receiver and in return I have one epic system. From watching movies to listening all music genres, BOSE AM 10 has been up to the mark.
Bought these for my daughter and she can't stop talking about how great they sound!!  She is also a stickler for comfort and these are fantastic for her.
First album I tested on those sweet things was Biosphere - autour de la lune. And i was amazed - just was looking at them and thinking where da hell this bass is coming from... They perform best at quite loud sound levels. Crisp and clear. Everything sounds just right.
I truly enjoys this speaker. It blue tooth connection is very nice. Also, we can answer phone calls which is really helpful for this tiny speaker. Awesome!!!
The headphones are constructed well, and functionally very simple to use.  My son says they are comfortable, and they are now his preferred listening equipment.
I've been using these for about two years for podcasting. I've worn them for hours on end and they're comfortable the whole time. Sound quality is great, cable is long and flexible and they pack up compactly for travel. I've taken them on the road many times. Great headphones.
Purchased this speakers in 2016 for my electronics.works well till today.  perfect for the price and excellent quality sound out of all speakers i used.
Surprising clarity. The bass is limited, as may be expected, but the sound is well balanced and makes for a chart-toppin' low volume listening experience.  Excellent when used as a phone speaker. After I got the first one, I got two more so that one is always relatively nearby.
I went to bestbuy and I tried different wireless speakers, I really went for a BOSE, But when I played (In the closet by Michael Jackson) on this JBL xtreme , my mind changed.  I highly recommend this speaker..
great price jus a good as beats. jbl has put out quality since day1 I will continue to purchase jbl products
The Xtreme speaker has great quality and great sound. great for the beach and for outdoor parties, but also good for inhouse parties
oh and have i mentioned the bass, not too bad for the price but still early to tell if will last for long.
I bought these speakers as a replacement/upgrade of Logitech Z-2300 satellites. The improvement is big : better efficiency and much better sound quality. The sound is more warm and natural, with very good midrange rendition. Highs are smooth like butter, yet detailed.
After alot of searching for rear channel speakersa, i have settled on the f/x300's. They have amazing sound quality for the price and I can say this, you will be hard pressed to find a better rear channel speaker for the money
When it comes to audio, Bose is the standard by which all others are compared. I have found this to be true for every Bose product which I have owned for the past 2 decades. These headphones are no exception. The quality of the product in all respects is 1st class.
bare good speaker ini, was out with da mandem and we found it on a skatey ini. but well good ting man bossing the roads. took it and ran as fast as we can. finders keepers
I bought it fron the JBL.com website a couple weeks ago. Like the sounds and the JBL app. It also works great with Spotify.
I just put these speakers in my Chevy cobalt and they sound great they replaced a pair of Sony xplods that I had very happy with the sound quality I can finally hear the vocals over my subwoofers
Bought two for EON615. Seems to be a nice stand and holds the speaker firmly. The only thing that was disappointing was they came in a box thet said in larg letters JBL and directly underneath in the same size "MADE IN CHINA". I get it but kind of takes away the feel of buying the best.
This pedal crushes my other distortion pedals.. the introductory cost makes this the best deal so far..
fabulous. it has everything you look for in a wireless speaker. it is truly a home theater on its own. enjoy the party with the sound touch 30.
i use a different set of front speakers, polk ls90s.  I placed one of the 1000s in the left side wall with a polk lx500 mounted on rear wall , and the other on the right sie wall with a wall mounted lx500. this gives me diffuse and direct sound along with great bass.
Excellent product, my husband loves it!  Far cheaper from manufacturer than one offered for sale (new) on Ebay at the time.
These earbuds first caught my eye because of the amazing look and I bought them and they have even better sound quality unlike any other earbuds out there
I am not sure about negative reviews. Make sure volume is up on input device (iPhone, Laptop etc.). Range is excellent and I find no degradation of sound quality. I have many bluetooth devices and this one is excellent.
My TV speakers are not the greatest but this add the additional sound boost my TV needs. I love this.
I was looking for the best speakers available on the market compatible with Linux O.S and for my surprise, the companion 5 worked amazing on Linux O.S I'm very happy! It's not easy to find products of high quality compatible with Linux based O.S
My husband and I love the clip! The sound quality is awesome! Perfect for a party by the pool or a morning getting ready in the bathroom! Great sound quality!
I bought this bt squeaker hoping it would be good gift for the wife. Aftering receiving it, I think I'll have to buy another one for myself!
I could not be happier with this system, very quick set up, easy to use. Best $1300 I've ever spent!!
Purchased the JBL Link 10 about a month ago and it is Absolutely Great!  Learning more and more about it everyday.
Nice aesthetics, great sound, fast connection, long battery life - overall excellent value for the price!
I am amazed such excellent sound quality could be achieved with in ear headphones. I am more than pleased with them.
This is the best headset I ever owned. The sound quality is awesome. I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought these although I already have and use the older non "x" version. I like them very much and especially like having the shorter non-coiled cable for wearing while mobile as well
Great sound from these very comfortable headphones. Battery lasts all day. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself or a loved one to these.
I bought this a month ago to replace my other JBL sub that got damaged in a move.  I was already happy with the other one but little did I know what I was missing out on.  I love the sleek contemporary design and the clear crisp bass that accompanies my music, movies and games.  5/7 would buy again.
Paired with my Samsung S6, provides loud enough and fantastic sound. Could not find an application or info how to know about its battery charge status. Documentation could be better. Presume five full lit led's is 100 % full?
I bought 1 because I was skeptical of its sound quality...after listening to it connected to laptop I was so impressed that I bought 3 more to give as gifts. my moms cat knocked it off the table onto the floor and it did not bother it at all.....still plays great.
I got this speaker for Christmas and I am extremely happy with it! It is very loud and sounds great playing all types of music especially hip pop. It has great bass and doesn’t distort at high volumes. I love that you can pair it with other JBL speakers, I like to pair it with my flip 4.
Love my Wave system! Sounds great! I would have liked if it actually came with the cable so I could connect my device to the Aux in Connector! I guess I will have to ask Santa to bring me the the Bluetooth wireless connector.
Received this for Christmas from my wife.  Hooked it up and made some sound adjustments on the tv and bass and away we go!  Bluray sounds amazing on this, tv streaming sound is far better, and music from phone works so easily and sounds great.
I was given one of these as a Christmas present last year. Now the speaker won't charge!!! Since it was a gift I don't have a receipt OR a warranty. Totally bummed. Second guessing giving them out as presents because fear it's a deficient product over time.
I brought this QC35 II yesterday and it’s one of the best headphones I have ever brought!! Would definitely recommend this headphone
I was looking for a pair of sunglasses. I picked these up and was amazed by the new technology. If you are on the fence, just order them. Bose has a 30 days return policy. This is amazing and revolutionary. Be warned the Alto is pretty large in terms of sizing.
I purchased this system a few days ago and it hasn't missed a beat. A bit of room placement with the sub and I was away! It works great with my Onkyo receiver and it was so easy to set up! Well worth it!
I have the T20e version of the Monitor 30's. Great economical speakers! Please see my comments listed under the PSW 10 reviews.
Impressed at the sound quality and output of these... paired with a subwoofer they provide a rich full spectrum sound. Lovely discreet design as well, I've mounted them under an outdoor BBQ area.
I bought this as a gift to my girlfriend and she loves it!! Music sounds really good from this speaker. This very much worth it!!
I love my Polk....it is small, travels with me everywhere.  The sound is great and the fact that it run efficiently on batteries as well.  Highly recommend this product!!!!!!
Its my first speaker an i have no problems, its just that you can buy a charge/flip 3 for the similar price and have more features... but still love it but i dont recomend.
I have been using my noise canceling earbuds for 2 years and LOVE them! I will not travel without them! It blocks out the noise of the world around you on the airplane or train. I get so much more done and am relaxed at the end of the trip! It is a MUST have in my carryon!
I am the owner of 2 wave systems 2 more than 5 years. The sound is great and I never have any problem with them. Expensive but worth the money. Great product.Thank you BOSE.JJ
Amazing, amazing, amazing! Sound is impressive, great quality for the price. Excellent for the outside. Great product Mr. Bose
Works great, easy to link up w/bluetooth devices, and hopefully the battery will hold up as advertised.  Only had it a week or so. Plan to use this on a sailboat.
This Sub was Free with Polk promotion...I bought the RTi 10 speakers...Called Polk Tech for proper hook-up on the Sub. Ecellent Service from the Tech........... Sounds GREAT!!
I needed to replace factory speakers with something better. Clarity with the Gt7-86 is unbelievable and brings out the richness in the music. I would never use anything else.
This is a fantastic little speaker even if it's a little bit heavy but that's because of the quality of the build and design of this speaker but once you start using this beautiful speaker all that matters is the perfect sound quality that this produces just pure magic.
the people complaining about to much bass just move the speaker away from the wall and you will get less bass it just depends on where you have the speaker placed in the room.
I purchase this sound bar based on previous purchases of JBL products and have not been disappointed. The ease of installation was great. The sound is far better than what I expected since I have a surround sound system for my main TV and this purchase was for a bedroom TV.
Great speaker, u can clip it on so u have hands free. Only draw back is the volume dial can get turned by it rubbing against stuff on accident.
I have the Bose Wave II with the sound link adapter. This was the first of three Bose purchases. I really enjoy the sound. I use it for the radio and to stream music online or from my MP3 collection. Seldom if ever use the CD changer. I highly recommend this product.
It looks good It's also well built.It protects the speaker from knocks and bangs when travelling.Over all it's a high quality case that does the job.Thank you "Bose"
I love this Bose Bluetooth Home Speaker.  The bass and treble are amazing!!!!!! It sets up really easy and simple and I love the way it makes my music sounds.  This one is a winner!!!!! Great job Bose!!!!!!!
I love these speakers. But highly disappointed that you can't connect multiple speakers(only2). I received a 3rd speaker as a gift and as of right now its useless to keep.
good quality speakers with good crankabilty and sound great the only thing I didnt like was that the bass wasn't that great otherwise they would have been 5 stars!
Awesome sub!!!  I've got three of them in the back of my '99 S-10 Blazer, and they thump like you wouldn't believe.  The rear view mirror rattles so much that I can barely see what's behind me.
I just bought a pair with 500 bucks, is it still expensive now? anyone has any links i can buy cheaper?
I have had my fair share of earphones by many brands in my life but this seriously beats all of them!!
Put a pair of these in my boat powered only by the deck. I cant even hear the clarions that were put in there! Crank them while full throttle and still hear with great quality!
The first pair was faulty. After 8hrs charge would hold for 2hrs, then die... Sometime would not charge at al.. BOSE has kindly replaced it with the new pair and so far so good :) thanks a lot!  Quality of sound is amazing and they sit in my ears like no other earphones ever had!
I love the sound quality of the soundbar and I'm berry happy and satisfy with the design love it and yes I'll recomend to all my family and friends to buy it...
Unbelievably Durable!  My SoundLink fell out of my car (don't ask how) while I was going 15mph - I was shocked!  It had minor scratches & road debris on it, but it played as if nothing had happened (I'm serious - nothing!).  Outstanding build quality, not to mention sound.  Bose, I'm impressed!
I have had my speaker for about 4 months now. It has excellent sound. It is light. I carry it to any room in my house and put it in my pool tote. It easily links to my iPod and iPhone. The only drawback is that I wish it had a remote.
I enjoy these Headphones while travelling and /or waiting for service in various venues. It cancels out noise, while it delivers smooth sounding music.
My cousin has one, and I HAD to get one of my own. Hands-down, the best sound on any wireless speaker I've heard.
I bought this about a month ago on Black Friday.  It's easy to use and the quality sound is what you'd expect from JBL.  I also own the larger Flip 4, but the Clip 2 is smaller, lighter and more portable....great for hiking.
Bought this speaker for my husband and it is fabulous. It's small so that makes it easy to carry anywhere. It also has great sound quality!!
Purchased many different wireless earbuds before landing these.  Noise cancellation is superb.  Can wear these all day with no discomfort.  Only drawback is sound could be a little better.  I found that if i use an equalizer app on my iPhone, you can further adjust the quality for your liking.
I've had it for a couple weeks now it's amazing. The sound is great. It fills my kitchen and it looks nice.  People come over and can't believe the speaker sounds so good. The only thing bad about it is no Apple Airplay yet.
Wonderful versatile surround speaker. Just set surround speakers to small on source output,to route bass to sub and let the lsfx's take care of the rest! No rattles or any other problems since 1995. Powered with Rotel RSX 1065.
So clean sounding. Sound great in a sealed enclosure. Carry high volume very well. They hit so hard they make your eyeballs vibrate.
I was surprised at the great sound such a small device could produce. My go to sound system at home, have not used my conventional sound systems since I received my sound link.
esperaba con gran expectativa la llegada de mis rti A7. me parecen unos parlantes fant?sticos, sobre todo para la m?sica ac?stica, suena muy natural y definida !
I bought this speaker in 4 14 2017 along with the LG aristo I'm glad I did the speaker has a booming sound and it's water proof sand proof awesome
I picked this sub up on a Black Friday special and it was worth every penny. I was speptikal that it would not produce because of the price. This sub was worth every dime and sounds great.
So happy I bought these today from the Leeds store. They don't look too big on the ear. The sound is crystal clear. Bluetooth connectivity is great. I can wander around my whole flat without any loss of reception. Best of all, no more wires. Another great product from BOSE.
We had limited space in our cabinet, and, to be frank, very few choices for a sound bar to fit.  Our new tv speakers were rear facing, making the sound challenges very real.  The JBL sound bar is affordable and has made for a very positive improvement.
absolutely love these headphones- sound quality is amazing, awesome fit, light and fold nicely into case, great value for money and can even take running with me and they were great!
Best sounding small tower speaker in Circuit city listening room. Can handle power w/o distorting. I guees it is being discontinued, so I got a great price.
I initially bought these headphones for traveling - I recently started wearing them at night because my significant other snores loudly. I sleep like a baby with them in and I’m no longer woken up by his obnoxiously loud snores!
Love my new speaker! Sounds great, easy to use, and portable! I like that it will charge my phone as well-dual purpose
I have buy this 15 OCt 2018 and it is mind blowing. Amazing bass effect. With my new SoundTouch 300 Bar. And sorrond sounds. Its completely cenema theatre sound effects in home also. Thanks BOSE
I am obsessed with this product! Has amazing sound quality and the app that they recommend you download to work with your headphones is very helpful and a great feature. I already told my boyfriend that I want to get him a pair
I bought this speakers ten years ago.  It works as well as on the first day.   I am happy with them.
Ottimi diffusori, trasparenti, con timbrica equlibrata, ottimi medi, bassi profondi e puliti, buon rapporto prezzo-qualità ! Consigliati !
I am a light sleeper and for the 4-weeks I have had my Sleep Buds, I have never slept better. Depending upon the environment I am in, I have been able to find a Sleep Bud sound that masks any outside sounds. If you are a light sleeper and sounds disturb you, these are a must. Thank you, Bose.
After my 10's were stolen in '87, I immediately replaced with 10B's. If I recall, the tweets on the B's offered a little more dispersion. Running on a NAD 7155 (55wpc).  They sound (and look)like new on the original Polkstands.
Hello,I really like the system.setup was a breeze,the only problem i have is that it loses the wifi connection but only 30 sec 45 sec. but the system is still new to me but i like it.cost a little high but it is a BOSE,
Exactly what I was looking for. Tried Bose. Too big and bulky. Sonos quality had fuzzy noise on high volume and the hype isn't much for it. Also pricey. However, JBL is the perfect sound and reasonable money wise. Clear, loud, and fun sized. Most certainly can't beat the price!!
I couldn't be happier. I bought the DXi to replace my 10" MTX Thunder 8000. Bass is outstanding. It also looks good. I'm sure it will sound even better when I put it in a bandpass box as opposed to the sealed box it's in now.
These are great headphones with solid soundproofing. The twist to fit action takes some getting used to, but works great.
Fast set up! I love the idea that it works. No reciver no speaker wires. I set up the my remote to work with it in 20 sec.
I love this subwoofer! It cost me 48 dollars and it sounds like a $200 sub. Sounds amazing and pushes bass like nothing.
I have never heard a better system using only 1  Dxi112 subwoofer it sounds like you have about 3 10 inch subs its perfect for any car/truck
Set up under a 55 inch TV in a 30 x 26 family room ...outstanding audio... easy to use... I Bluetooth my iPhone music thru the sound bar and get awesome results... great value for money
THE PRECISE AND MAGNIFICENT SOUND AND BASS QUALITY IS SPECTACULAR AND REJOICING. I THINK THIS SPEAKER IS ONE OF THE BEST.
Nice speaker system.  Delivers crisp highs from the speakers and nice lows from the sub.  When watching movies this system fill the room with sound, gives you that theater feeling.  I have these in a Mid to large size room and they are great.
This really changed the sound of my whole system. Sound smooth and is not harsh. Very effectively brings the soundstage to the front and higher. The crossovers that come with the tweets filter out any lows and mids very well.
Great little product, but the only thing thorough about the owner's manual is the 18,000 languages. NO instructions on how to pair it to a music source. I had to find an independent website for that.
Wonderful little speaker that fills a small room well. Replaced Bose 201s with these and noticed an immediate increase in clarity and bass response.They are the mains in my home theater and I am very pleased.
I bought it tonight, easy use easy set-up, very nice sound, we play jazz CD with Sony BD player all night, very perfect!!
Hubby bought 2 months ago. I want one niw BUT .... I am after a digital radio alarm clock. Is there a digital radio upgrade in the pipeline? If so I will definitely be buying one.
I got this speaker as a Christmas present. I literally danced for an hour or more straight non-stop just testing it out. It sounded so good that I couldn't sit down! I am tickled to death.
I bought this based on the features and price.  The ear buds are too big for me.  I would like to exchange for the women's inspire 100.  I think that will be a much better fit.
Absolutely love these. The noise cancelling is incredible! Battery life is amazing. Really happy. I got the limited edition blue. Very nice color. Ive become a fan of Bose! Have quite a few of their products too.
The charge has become our default sound source. Great for vacations & at home we end up taking it fr room to room. Sometimes hard to link a new device.
The sound is fantastic and I love the design. They're light and fold up nicely so easy to take around. However, there's a bit too much pressure on the ears and it hurts to wear them for a long time.
I brought these about a month ago. Quality sound. Excellent price. Will buy again.  Highly recommended.
I bough the 300 sound bar and 300 base and all I needed to do is hook it up with a fiber optic cable to the TV and it has great sound for everything played on the TV
Have to agree with all other great reviews. Sound quality is spot on. Anyone who has been in my company and seen this little beauty has either wanted one or gone out and got one. Amazing bit of kit.
I've had it for almost a year and my family borrows it for oaries/get together.  My sister borrowed it and doesn't want to return it anymore lol
I lost my aux cable about 9 months ago, I don't miss it! I have never needed it either with the battery life on these headphones u don't feel it. Not much to say about the audio quality
The SoundTouch adaptor has breathed new life into my beloved analogue hi-fi set up and simultaneously created a link between the old and the new equipment that I use everyday.
Wasn’t expecting much since it’s smaller than other Bluetooth speakers I’ve had in the past but when I first used it I was blown away and couldn’t have been happier
I have had many bose systems and this one is the best yet. The sound over the years keeps getting better and better. They systems last a long time and its non-stop awesome sound.  Thanks Bose for making this your premium product.  All I ask is to start making them in the USA again.
I lost one of my earphone pads a few weeks ago, and ordered a new pair.  They fit perfectly and the website made it very easy to figure out what size I needed to order
The only problem is battery last about four hour, not long enough. Sound quality and volume is good enough.
i love how well they fit in my ears. the problem is, is that the enhancers have a tendency to fall off. I have lost a couple already and now have to buy extra. I wish the enhancers would stay put!
Got this great piece yesterday  and loving it already.  Just that I wish it came along with ear piece tucked in so I could have some privacy when picking a call without worrying about who could be listening in on my calls.
This tiny speaker is awesome and connects well to our devices. My husband loves this early stocking stuffer :)
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. She absolutely loves it! It truly makes listening to music more enjoyable. Amazing sound quality!!
These wireless headphones sound absolutely amazing!  I walked upstairs in my house and they never lost the Bluetooth connection.  They are so comfortable and I don't feel like they will ever fall out.   I have owned many headphones and these are by far the best yet.
Already had the Flip, but was looking for something small with the same sound quality. Already bought 2 one for me and one for my wife, and she loves it too
Amazing sound with all the smart features I want. Looks really cool and works perfectly with Google assistant.   Before long my whole house hold, wife and kids, found the speaker indispensable.   Especially love how responsive the mic is from other rooms
I bought this in July of 2015, and its been going great so far. For those having trouble charging it, I recommend charging it on your computer and not an outlet. Im not sure why but when I plug it into an outlet it never charges, but with my computer it fully charges. Hope this helps!
Compact, Classy, Handy, Portable, Keeps your expensive system out of dust and protects it to the fullest. Easy to carry. A little pricy though.
Great headphone the notice cancellation is very good I recommend for everyone to try it because he will not regret it
AMAZING .. I got them for and they're just great. The sound quality is amazing even when you turn the volume up to the maximum and the subwoofer is really good for a 8 inch
Perfect ear fit.  Comfortable. Great sound Noise cancelling  Neck piece too tight.  If your neck is small than perfect for you.
I love this radio.  It's extremely easy to set up, works great.  I have no reception problems, and usually have it on all day.  I have speakers throughout my house, so can hear XM wherever I go.
I love this so much I got one for my husband too. He kept taking mine when he traveled without me. The only reason I am not giving it a 5 Star rating is the cord is flimsy and broke right off within a month and now I have to get a replacement. I guess I better order two of them.
Comfortable and well made headphones, I didn't realize how much more convenient wireless headphones were until I tried these. My ones performed flawlessly and are a joy to use. I can't find anything about them that I don't like.
I bought these for my son he loves them they are well designed and very durable can be used in most items and they come with stickers so they can decorate them how they wish which creates great entertainment.
Excellent little speaker. Looks feels and sounds great. Lives up to the great reputation of Bose. Easy to set up and get going. Worked well with iPhones and galaxy tablet.
I've had my audiosource technica headphones for a long time now the sound is amazing and the building quality is excellent for the price these are a great set of headphones. They will never fail
This is the biz.... The sound quality is out of this world. And the connectivity by Bluetooth is great.
I got  four of this droped in a custom built box for the front of my quad and i love these speakers they got very deep lows, perfect mids an beauitiful highs. Best speakers i've had in my car since my four Mtx Thunder Axe High-End Component Speakers got blow out my brother two years ago
I got this for my birthday and I absolutely loved it. My favorite thing about is how I can program it to all my favorite seriousXM channels with the app.
I recently got the deal of the century by purchasing this set in mint condition from someone who said they had upgraded. Upgraded to what? Anyone who craves perfect sound for music or video has to buy this system. You will love yourself. Bose step to the back of the line. I am a former Bose owner.
I bought these for the JBL name and they are the best pair of buds I have ever bought.  Great sound, waterproof, lightweight and do as they claim they will not hurt your ears or fall out.  Go ahead try to make them fall out...good luck.  Just wish I knew they came is colors before I purchased....
Had trouble with first one I had called customer service returned it was mailed a new one so far so good no problem first one would not turn on had no problem with customer service
I absolutely love these earbuds. I have pathetically sensitive ears and these are one of the few pairs of earbuds that don't hurt them. Also, I accidentally washed them in a washing machine and they still worked after, so I would definitely say they hold up to any heavy activity/workout.
I absolutely love the smaller earplugs. They are great for women or anyone who has small ears. They're extremely comfortable and they don't fall out! Highly recommend!
Just got this home and the fit feel and build quality is well worth the 109$ in IL.  Quick pairing, very impressive sound for the size and the speakerphone feature was the winner for me.  Needed something for conference calls, but looks like I'll be using this for much more
Purchased month ago from bose store. Too gud very soft crystal clear notes at max volume or at min volume. Simply awesome
Got these cool speakers for $30. It has a great sound and worth the money. Battery life is only for 5 hours. But over all its amazing. Money well spent.
I just got this today in the mail and it’s so loud and clear it’s so loud I couldn’t put it at the max volume and it was so clear
Great big sound. Works like a real full time speaker (not like many "monkey job" cental chanel cut down speakers)!
I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to show off and be loud. Great quality sound and volume. Best speaker I've ever bought
After using this speaker for a week, I am very impressed with the build quality, able to handle deep bass frequency, superb Bluetooth, and overall sound!  Exceeded my expectations!  Love the built-in Google assistant!  I'm a happy camper!!
I have had the pulse 2 for about a year and it is simply great.   Battery life is fantastic and the sound is great. It is also splash proof so you can listen in the rain or poolside. The light show and LED capabilities make this awesome in low light
Excellent sound. It cut the aera sound Very well. I use the subway and i am finally able to ear my music clearly. It is not a noise cancelling, but does the job very well.
I love these headphones. The sound quality is so crisp and clean. I can wear these headphones for hours without taking them of. They are perfect for anyone who loves to listen to music and watch videos.
Boy what a difference listening to everything through this great bit of equipment. Had listened to others in the shop but nothing compared to the Bose unit. Everyone who hears it wants one. Money well spent.
I got this speaker for Christmas and it’s really loud and is perfect if ur outdoors because of the waterproof shell, and the speaker is really clear it doesn’t blab like others
Just bought Revolve+ at Best Buy (same price as Amazon without the wait). The sound is simply amazing.  High highs and deep lows. Based on its smallish size I was not expecting this much sound. Place it in a corner and let the walls amplify the sound even more. Well done Bose.
I work in a loud environment, this speaker is very impressively loud I can hear my music through the loud machines that are running, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED GETTING ONE!!!
I just bought 2polk 2124 and I think that they are very hard hitting twelves. They hit way harder then my brothers two cerwinvegas!
Great sound, great screen clarity. Missing: ability to tilt screen forward/back (to accommodate kids for example) and could also use a small amount of battery so as to allow moving from one room to another without losing power.
Awesome headphones, I had the Powerbeats 3 and they stopped working due to my sweat but the bose have lasted thru all my workouts (gym&long runs). The price was great too.
Finally bought myself QC35, great product but one problem, it doesn't connect with Xbox One controller like other devices connect. Tried so many other cables but still no use. Customer service wasn't a help either. Wish it could do that...left unsatisfied.  Can i get any help with this problem..??
Bought it seven years ago, hummed a little, so I swapped the elco's. After that very silent. After seven years of use I still like this subwoofer, it gives excellent service for a modest outlay.
The highs are quite clear, much better than other headphones of the price range, such as the v-mode crossfade lp's. These have very accurate response over a wide range. They present bass well, not obnoxiously, and you can modify balancing easily on your console anyways.
Great sound from such a small package. About as thick as a soda can, so it can fit in most cup holders.
The sound is very good.  The fit is better than other wireless earphones that I’ve tried but I would prefer a snugger fit - especially since these are heavier than my previous wireless pair.  The rechargeable case is very cool.  Overall a good buy.
I bought this on Friday, tried it, loved it bought another on Sunday. Bose sound engineers have done it again!
this is a very god speaker to have at home or in a car. i got this one at home to my surround system and it gaves a lot of bass.this bass can i play with  very low effect and it still bassing god,i like the way how it is built,the polk woofer has a god looking and it bassing loudly.it was a god buy.
So far so good. Best wireless I’ve owned. Great sound although they take a lot of volume to get cranking. Battery is decent also. I’d recommend these.
Background professional drummer and I have gone through a variety of vocal stand and floor monitors and have found the m3t has proven to be more reliable. The sound quality and range are very good. The monitor is very easy to set up.
I have used this product heavily since purchase and it has been great. Not run out of battery yet. Also, it has a brilliant built quality. Good sound quality for the price and definitely the best BT earphones for this price.
Ideal when traveling by plane , the use not only to listen to music because the noise cancellation makes the whole trip enjoyable, without the annoying external noises
Am a great fan of Bose products, and this is just as I expected it to be. Great sound and can play all my music (iTunes, Spotify,etc) via Bluetooth connection or AirPlay on my apple devices.
upgraded my rear speakers to this model bringing all my 9 speakers in my home theatre to polk audio.  Ive checked out many models and you will never be disapointed in their speakers or there fantastic customer service.  Bar none they are the best.
So far lasted longer than most apple headphones I've bought. Ended up in the washer not too long ago and somehow they still work.
I love taking the Clip 2 when going on a picnic or a beach vacation. Given the size, it has a very clear sound and you can't beat the portability. Making it water resistant was genius!
I love the portability or this speaker, and that it is waterproof.  I now have great music wherever i am , @ the beach or in the shower!!
When I first saw these in person they were bigger than I expected. Don't let that scare you! They feel great, so comfortable, great sound. They let in some outside sound so that you're safe when outdoors. Easy to use with my iPhone and iPad. This was a great purchase!
I consider myself an audiophile and my opinion are that they're of entry-level Hi-Fi. They sound very clear and have good base and openness to them.
Great sound for the size. I am so glad I bought this little hockey puck speaker. Great portable sound
I Bought this in March from America as I was on the look out for a wireless speaker the fact that it is waterproof is great its perfect for taking in your pocket as small and compact
I bought these new speakers about two weeks ago... They are still braking in. The high and lows are great... I feel like I am hearing the music for the first time.
I bought this speaker for the beach and its great! It was easy to connect to my phone and it works even with in the beach sand and wet blankets! Highly recommend it!
The sound is so crisp that anyone would enjoy the sound quality of these pair of headphones. Connectivity is awesome and unbelievably comfortable as well. The treble and bass is incredibly good and these are the headphones to beat. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a review.
These headphones shipped quickly, sound great when talking to others on the phone, are incredibly comfortable for extended wear, and sound excellent playing a variety of music (metal, rock, rap, jazz). I researched for months before making the decision, and these met my expectations.
I truly love these new ear buds. They are really cool looking, easy to use and sound awesome.  I only wish the volume could go a little higher for those days in the gym with an idiot who cracks up the boom box to Mach 10. Lol.
Absolutely comfortable and wonderful sound quality. The length of the cord is perfect for workouts.The in-ear buds fit smaller ears and the extra buds accommodate all ear sizes.....stays put when exercising.great product......
Bought this for my husband for our 40th wedding anniversary! He has wanted it for 25 yrs, and after a quick set up, we enjoyed listening to music all afternoon!
I've owned these since new and never looked back. Hands down, these are the best sounding speakers I have ever owned period...
Got the Cinemate 15 system last weekend.Watched a lot of movies on it and listened a lot of songs.Has a good amount of deep bass without any distortion.Very happy with it.
I feel those who seem to think the midrange is weak need to look at their components.  With my nad amp and nad cdp and tuner their is no midrange problem what-so-ever.  Maybe you boys need a better amp with more power?
I just got these speakers and they are great not a single thing wrong with them.Plus i got an amp for em and WOW even better.I tell all my friends to buy polk speakers.
I bought yurbuds ITX-2000 and they are phenomenal!!!  When I received the reflect contour and I was expecting the same quality JBL has always provided.  I have Motorola and Plantronics Bluetooth headsets and the JBL reflect contour BLOWS them out of the water.  No contest.
I just got it today at Best Buy. Works very well but you have to get USB port sound card. The sound quality is amazing.
This really is the best thing since sliced bread. I LOVE my soundlink mini - the sound quality is AMAZING.
Own a few different polk speakers. This one, good quality made. Sound is as good as you can get for a Bluetooth speaker.
these subs SLAP... they play loud and deep and sound clean.. and for anyone to say these subs are not good makes them a hater. i am very satisfied with these subs and must say they dooky on many other subs.
I've had enjoyed these headphones for over a month. I use them for running (1 mile sprints to 6 mile long easy runs). They sync well with my iphone 6, handle the PNW rain as well as my sweat.
The Clarity and Smoothness of the treble cant be matched!!! i have my polks hooked up to a sony xplod cd player and no matter how loud i turn it the treble WILL NOT distort.
The colors are nearly as vibrant as the sound quality! I recently purchased one of these and the sound is phenominal. The portability and the simplistic design make this a 10/10 for me.
I think these have nice bass response...nice separation...a cool airiness to the music as if it were live..
I´ve one and used it under many years, very silent and givs a very good sound in almoust every recording situation. Especial in situations with low SPL levels.
I bought this because I was looking for a headset that was light, wireless, and durable. Just what I needed!
Wireless and compact this speaker is worth every penny. Holding it in your hand will let you know it is quality thru and thru
K 340 are my second AKG in-ear headphones. The sound is great, it doesn't make too much pressure in ears and the design is great.  But it has few things that I don't like by this headphones. The ear pads aren't comfort to me like by K324P. The jack isn't in L profil.
I bought this today, this is amazing and i love it, but i couldn't connect with my notebook, it can't identify the speaker. can you help me !!
I got these on sale for my son and so far he is loving them, says they are comfortable for gaming and have good sound quality & keep a good amount of noise out.  Good deal for the sale price I paid, always happy with JBL.
Overall a very very crisp sound that allowes my Polk 5.25's and 6X9's to produce every sound I ask of them.
I love this. I have most bose products and this is my favorite. esp for the money. you will be thrilled
Best Bluetooth Speaker I've ever had. The sound is amazing, the battery is pretty good and the light show is unbelievable.The new equaliser mode is legendary. I would definitely recommend this speaker to anyone who wants to show off their music.
This little speaker works well. It has a decent range. My friends couldn't believe the sound coming out of my little speaker.
I have been listening to music of all genres and the musical expérience is simply second to none. Great job Bosé.
I loved the first one. I used it every day. The more I use this one the more JBL products I want just to connect them
I bought these for a Christmas gift and they loved them. I tried them as well and they have great sound quality and you can’t beat the price.
Amazing! I purchased on November 10th 2014 and there still going strong . Could not ask for a better pair of head phones. I use every day for commuting and exercising.  If these ever break I'll be purchasing g again.
Fantastic Sound System, always being told to turn it down!Totally enhanced our listening experience…
I love it, sweet tones and deep base sounds when standing vertically. And once fully charged it lasts all day at almost full volume, I love this nice JBL speaker
Purchased my Bose 251 outdoor speakers to use inside a garage. They produce a sound so clear and natural you can actually hear every detail. However, they do not produce bass very well.  You will need a powered subwoofer get sufficient bass.
Awesome sound. Easy to connect to computer and phone. Great battery life. Very comfortable to wear on the head. Snug, but not too tight. Perfectly balanced. Worth the price.
Excellent product with great sound and comfort.  I would recommend to others.  The shipping was slow but aside from that no other issues.
Holey wow!! what a difference it makes...Replaced my old Klipsch sc-1.  Dialogue and voice are much crisper and clear that I don't have to strain my ears to listen.  Paired great with my RTi10.  Way to go Polk!
Charge 3 is the best in its class!  I don't want to spend my money for the name. I need sound quality and charge 3 delivered. Im kind of a bass person so this ones the right one for me. Its like love at first site.
Since getting my jblgo, several office mates have considered getting one for themselves. Great sound!
I bought it about a month ago and I am pretty happy with it. It is slightly larger than other earbuds.
Amazing sound Easy to set up  Gonna buy some as presents for family for Xmas they all want some but their mine  I love these earphones  Defo worth the buy  :) Comfortable and stlyish  So get some and be happy :)
We got one a few months back, normal blue color(who doesn't like blue) and the orange cable suits it well. I would upload a photo however my dad took it So he can blast his metal :D
The mood lighting is perfect for music and theater. Perfect sync with my Bluetooth 4k tv and chrome cast uhd. Must pair two or more for a one of a kind experience.
I bought this speaker to add to the smaller version. And honestly it’s fantastic even when playing alone. It has great sound quality and does not distort as you turn it up. I really do recommend this!!
Got my first set of JBP speakers 35 yrs. ago. They finally gave out and I am downsizing so got these for $150 on sale. Sounds good, cannot beat value
The noise cancellation is overpowered and the sound is great. I don't know if I'm the first one to get it but I'm in the U.S and got it right when the shipment arrived :)
2008 Honda element SC  Sounds good audio in Vancouver placed these into the front doors and tweeter locations  Awesome sound no cutting and I am very happy with them - sounds very clear with good mid range bass
I have 3 kids and can now get work done, great sound and noise cancellation.  wish they were wireless but thats minor
I brought these a week before a trip and I tried them several times they are awesome for cheap headphones they have great sound and are very comfortable
Works great I would give it 5 stars but the Ear piece does not have enough cushion and creates a sore in one ear. I have to add cotton around to to prevent this from happening g
These headphones have great sound quality and are very comfortable to wear. It is very simple to sync them to your device via the bluetooth and start listening. The batteries last about 6 hours before needing to be charged again. Overall great headphones!
These are amazing for the price. The charge pack  is very handy. Amazing bass for ear buds very comfortable as well
I've had these for a few years and they are a great substitute for hifi in my study; plenty of volume, balanced sound; great for the price
I'm so glad I bought this speaker. I turn up every day since I purchased it. It's supper loud. It's the loudest speaker I ever purchase.
The quality of sound with the amazing volume has made my daughter very happy with this Valentine's Day present.
I've been shopping around on price and quality to get good wireless headphones for my Iphone, I don like small bugs in my ear or bluetooth device, I found BOSE AE2W perfect size, light in weight, great sound, comfortable and affordable
Came fairly quick but absolutely worth the wait and every penny. Amazing sound with good base and very loud
bought last year but got a copy so was upset, now finally bought from bose exclusive showroom yesterday only. in love with this speaker best in class ... amazing sound for this size ... just close you eyes and buy it !!!
These speakers sounds really great. Absolutely marvelous performance with Clear, crisp, loud sound. TY JBL
Ball is life for me, so being able to zone out and listen to the music and get prepared to play is amazing. You have to buy these ASAP!
I bought this speaker while traveling, the sound and power just blow my mind. Such a small speaker and such a high amount of power. The sound quality will surprise you I have no dough. I also added the charging dock wish I found very convenient.
Ideal para viajar.  Desúés de utilizar el iPod durante todo el día , perfecto para escucharlo en el hotel , a le vez que lo recarga para el día siguiente.
I bought these today to replace some unbranded ones given to me by a friend when I bought my pc - what a difference - fantastic sound for such a small speaker
I love the multiple connection,  I operate a long machine at work that is loud so being able to connect 3 speakers at once allows me to enjoy music at any end of my machine
I bought these just to plug into my phone for when I'm on the go. These headphones are rugged durable mobile and sounds pretty darn good for the price. I would highly recommend if you're looking for inexpensive pair of quality headphones.
I wish I'd bought this sooner, so easy to use and the quality of the sound is amazing worth every penny.
I purchased these for my beach house a few years ago and they still work perfectly. They sound Huge and SoundTouch is a dream
Very happy with my JBL Clip.  I listen to books when walking or working around my home and do not like having a Bluetooth in my ear all the time. This works for me quite well.
We bought it because we got tired of calling our 19 year old daughter's name but her being under headphones! It was driving us BATTY. We were worried she may not like but she LOOOOOOVES it. Also, she is a high-functioning autistic. It really helps her “stay in our world” which is a HUGE bonus!
I bought it a month ago, and use it everywhere, the Noise Canceling id just amazing. Sound is great too, I think, the sound quality is like mi QC20i
It's a mind-blowing sound, deep bass & high midrange with Denon AVR-1709  & Polk Audio RM 6750 (Old, New Sound Tracks & movie).
Really brilliant item to add to your wave system, play my music off my IPAD through this, sound is spot on, think you were playing a CD, so clear. Would recommend it to anyone.
It’s only been a week, but I’m so glad I purchased the soundtouch wireless link adaptor. I plugged it into the preamp, connected via Bluetooth to my iPhone, and our favourite 901 speakers play all the music!
I got this has a gift a year ago and I love it. I take it everywhere I go. I would recommend this product for anyone that is looking on buying one. Great sound, bass and most of all is fun to change the settings from no light to illuminating the whole room.
I got these for Christmas.  They are great for running and working out.  I also have the Bose SoundTrue with wires.  I like those too, but they aren’t good for running.
Noice, for the price. I wanted a good Floorstanding speaker but most of the good one is just too expensive. I couldn't resist the sale on this speaker. They do sound phenomenal. The bass on this speaker is amazing, even without Subwoofer.
Very nice speakers!! I put two pair in my 2003 Dodge Dakota club cab truck. With a Kenwood head unit and Alpine amp, these speakers are absolutely incredible! Beautiful, crisp, clear highs, accurate mid-bass, and pretty good deep bass too for the size of speaker it is. Highly recommend!!
I bought the noise cancellation headphones made by Bose I love them I can’t hear anything with them on it was a super purchase I love them I use them every day
Very good ear phones, lasted me 9 months until must have damaged them some how, and then one of the ear phones stopped working unless i gave the wire a wiggle. I thought they were good enough so i ordered another pair.
The experience is great & lovely. The purchase and delivery was easy. The delivery was before the committed date.
JUST LOVE THE SOUND. GREAT BASS, HIGHS, LOWS. EASY OF INSTALLATION. QUALITY CONTROL GOOD, VERY WELL MADE, AS MOST POLK PRODUCTS ARE. A LOF BANG FOR THE BUCK
I pride my self in sound quality and have been listening to jazz and RB for a very long time. This BOSE Sound Link 3 is off the chain when listening to music from my tablet. I would highly recommend this speaker with confidence that you can not go wrong owning this product. Thanks BOSE!
I bought this a few weks ago and one sight my friends came around just to watch me with it.  A crowd pleaser.  Thanks!
We have had this JBL Flip for awhile and we just love it, take it out on the patio and have all the music we want when we Ipod out also!
I purchased this speaker for my son to use with his ipod in his bedroom,  the setup and connection was very easy, and to say it is loud enough would be an understatement,  Its a great product for the cost
I've bought plenty of ear phones and always thought they were good, until I put a pair of these on! The sound is par none! Very comfortable and can be easily stored. Have to say, all the songs I've been listening to no longer sound the same. They sound and feel WAY better!
I actually like these little amps. Don’t let the 250W power fool you. The Power these amps produce is clean and the amp is lightweight. Bose makes it simple and quick to hook up and it has a cool carrying case.
These speakers do their job very well. They look very nice ( matched them with a JBL sub ) and as always with JBL, they sound great. Perfect size for small room and great sound at a great price ( or at any price ).
I bought this a month ago. It works really good. Only one disadvantage that I found is having 30pin dock. But 30pin to lightning adapter costs around $10 only.
I bought this to replace an older model and am very happy with my purchase the sound is excellent and it retains more than one blue tooth connections at a time.
Seriously would not wear anything else, the noise cancelling is insane and the sound quality is impeccable (exceptthat it could do with some more bass)
I have QC3 headphones and the ear cushions are shot.  I Bose offering free replacement ear cushions?
I bought this a couple of months ago in mint green, and this speaker is great, I use it in the shower and take it with me all the time, although I do wish I had waited to buy it now so it would 50 dollars less, it was still a great purchase.
I’m happy with these. They’re perfect for what I bought them for. They sound good. Battery life is good. Realatively inexpensive. I’ll keep them.
The power and quality of sound that comes from such a small and non-pricey speaker is amazing. At full volume, the sound can be heard all around the house.
I bought this about a month now and wow what an amazing sound only Bose can produce I get compliments every I turn it on such a room filling beautiful sound every frequency is perfect highs are amazing the bass is incredible ❤️
I recently got these for my 5yr old daughter to use with her iPad. They are comfortable, easy to use and means she can move around easily without wires. The volume limitation is also perfect so I dont need to worry about her putting her music up too loud! Would definitely recommend!
I bought the first pulse about a year ago and I absolute loved it. When the Pulse 2 came out I was hesitant in upgrading. But I am so glad that I did!!! This was a great upgrade. All the added features are amazing. Great item!!!
Works great for apple products. I love my QC15, but wanted something less obtrusive for everyday use. This may be spot on. Thanks ..... Bose
I recently installed 2 pair in a Camry and they really scream!! These are the cleanest sounding speakers at high volumes. Matched with a DB1212 in the trunk completes the sound greatly. Great job Polk! I'll definitely recommend these to my customers and friends.
Loved the product but hated the limited sound library....until the new update which included new sounds and a “sound library” to manage my sounds! I wish I could upload purchased sounds from my iTunes....hopefully  that will happen soon!
this product is really good from bose and the best feature is soundtouch and the speaker has that punch which no other speaker can have for this price
This is my secondd QC25 and I love it. I routinely take mine on the 30-hour flights to India and fatigue is almost non-existent because I hardly ever hear the aircraft engines. And the music is crisp. As much as I love music this is a godsend.
I bought a year ago, and it stills surprising me the long life charge battery!. And off course the sound quality!
This speaker has some amazing sound for as small as it is. I could be 30 feet away and still hear it plain as day!
I am really happy I purchased this speaker, it was on back order so I waited almost a month to get here. The wait was worth it though! The amount of sound that comes from this speaker is amazing! Nice sound all around even a little bass! Happy with this speaker very much.
Listen if you are going to buy headphones from Bose they have to be noise cancelling, for me it makes all the diference in the world, well almost because the sound is excellent compared to other brands.
But this JBL Xtreme Bluetooth speaker about 2 weeks ago and very impressed with the sound and battery life
Very lovely cam it’s very easy to use not complicated like the other ones easy menu , very good picture resolution ,was installed professionally by halford had to upgrade the memory card to a bigger one .
These are the best headphones I've ever owned! They're multi functional and perfect for the office, gym, or at home on my laptop. I highly recommend them to everyone for both comfort and sound. My only issue is the casing around the wire is starting to rip!
this is a totally awesome sound box as I have tried sound bars before but they are no patch on the sound this puts out.only one drawback is the remote looks a bit cheap.well done bose for a great product.
Just bought this speaker today and had it hooked up in no time. Very easy to pair with my iPhone. The Aux. jack enabled me to hook it up to my computer as an external speaker. Very versatile unit, can't wait to try it out fully after the battery charges.
Fantastic multimedia speakers at an affordable price. I own Bosch and Klipsch on my other computers and they are great too. But if your Budget is Tight PEBBLES are the answer GREAT Highs and Lows with FANTASTIC midrange.
I am thoroughly pleased with this purchase. The quality of sound was excellent and more than I expected in this price range. These units are well constructed and quite heavy. I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone.
While this headphone performs as expected, its controls can be improved. Also it would be nice to be able to skip current song.
Just what I was looking for! It is portable and a great companion with my tablet! I am a radio-podcast freak, and this is an awesome product!
Wow these 3.5" are AMAZING! I put them in my dash with no amp hooked up, and WOW they make my ears hurt. Perfect with my set up in my 08 Charger. Cant wait to hook them up to an amp. It's going to be amazing.
I have been waiting to upgrade for years. I finally found what I was looking for w/ the rm6600. I don't have the sub, but the center and satellites make a huge difference in music and movies. And I only paid $80 for the set.
I just purchased the Atrium 45's for my family room to use as main stereo only speakers. They sound fantastic! A huge sound in a small box. Forget about Bose.
I've had my RTi38's for a year and a half now. I have never regretted my decision to buy them. Bass, midrange and high end are superb. Rock, country, bluegrass, movies... the RTi38's handle all of it and come out shining.
I bought these for gym use only. I do sweat a bit and workout about 75-90 minutes at a time. No issues with the headphones falling out and the sound is outstanding. Good cord length so I can run it under my shirt all the way to my iPod that is attached to my waist band of my gym shorts.
I have had them 2months . Love them. Just wish the ear piece was smaller.  I have small ear openings and the left one will not stay in while I run.
See their pictures you may think it just another cheap plastic speaker but let me tell you that first , the build quality is superb , you won't find this in the market for the same price and above of all , the sound ... oh dear.. I am REALLY curious WHAT they put in this small unit. Unbelievable.
Bose will always deliver that crisp clear sound they are known for, a really big sound out of a small speaker, the rest of the bluetooth speakers can't compare to the sound of Bose .. these color speaker are really good for the beach computer sound ect. I highly recommend this speaker...
After searching for a lower priced speaker with good sound quality I came across the Flip 2. This little speaker packs a big punch. Awesome sound and affordable.
Pros. - best sub around $200. Cons. - For <30 Hz needs more space to expand a lot of air.And when you listen something lower than 30 hz bass closes in sub.And you don't hear anything but box sound.If PSW505 have little bigger phase inverter.i think this sub was legendary.
i have bought the first JBL flip then the Pulse, then the Flip 2 and i still have all three products today. I never once was I disappointed. A little pricey in my opinion but never was i disappointed with my purchase.
Bought 2 pairs of these and love them. Just ran a 7k on Saturday and they stayed in the entire time never felt like they were falling out. Would definitely buy again. And the sound quality is great also.
Good speakers and sound quality is good when connected to phone. Was not allowing me to control volume when playing songs through you tube. strap on back is good feature to hang it on shower curtain rod/something similar.
very good sound, although you can still hear what is going on around you over and above what you happen to be listening to, so in a noisy environment such as a gym, they are not really practical.
Love the feel of these in the ear.   They are not too bulky of an earphone.  The only improvement I would make is to make them longer.
The small size feels a little too big for my ear. I went online to see if they had an small size but they don't. Putting them on takes some effort.Other than that I like the product.
This is a really great speaker -- you can actually play it full blast and the speakers won't blow! Love it, 10/10 would recommend to my best friends!!
Beautiful product.  Very good sound, Highs could be alittle more crisp but impressive deep sound and good lows.  Great to look at and pretty easy to work with.  Still figuring out some more features with the lights.
If you want a sub that that can handle some serious home theatre and make the bottom end of CDs come alive then this is the one that can handle the task.
I have own two BOSE systems and I absolutely love them! I also own a pair of noise cancellation headphones! Bose definitely has superior quality of sound!! I recommend BOSE for anyone making a choice about quality equipment for their listening pleasure!
I bought this for my husband and he loves it!!   He wants to mount it to his utility vehicle for the ranch. Great sound!!!
I love long road trips on the bike. Now I don't have to listen to drone of an exhaust any more than I want to. I'm able to mute out a 115 decibel motorcycle with these. Most importantly the aware mode allows the ability to hear what's going on when riding in the city. Very happy with the investment!
An excellent speaker, we used it at a party from music off my phone, people were amazed as the quality of sound makes it sound as if it came from a larger system. Brilliant quality and so easy to use (especially for an old technophobe like me!)
I challenge anyone to show US a better speaker for under $100. GREAT job JBL........didn't expect any less.
I have had these headphones for a few weeks now and they are brilliant. Great base response, ultra clear sound & considerable outside noise reduction. Worked when I walked into next room too.
Very pleased with this system.  Got it for around $400.  Great sound quality for someone looking to set up a home theater for around $800.  The sub has pletty of power even though it is rated at 50 watts.  Make sure you have an extra set of speaker cables because of the way the sub hooks up.
Love this system! I used to have a 3.2.1 system decided to upgrade to this system so much better, the sound is unbelievable! don't think about it buy it!!.
Absolutely brilliant sound from the JBL Charge 3, the depth of the bass and treble are phenomenal in such a small unit. Midrange is a tad squiffy  but still ok. The ability to charge a device is a useful add on. Battery life is 12 hours not 20 as promised.
Great speakers!! They have great low bass and clear highs. I have fallen in love with them. Put them in a 10x14 bedroom and they will shake the walls. Added a 10" subwoofer and now i have the perfect system in my room.
I am delighted with the earphones but wanted to change the buds from the medium (fitted) to the small, only to find that the spares in the small plastic bag comprised 1 small and 3 large. Small ears not accomodated !
I bought is two month ago and I found it really nice. I lived in an apartment, the sound is good for me.
Bought this two weeks ago. Set up the same day. The best subwoofer I ever had; and I had a few before, none of those was JBL
Bought in Lima, Perú, this incredible subwoofer has delivered thousands of hours of joy, no matter you use it for music or films. Although I purchased a 110 V model, with a good transformer it works finely and matches perfectly a Denon AVR 4520. Highly recommended.
I've had this Speaker for about 6 months now and its really doing an excellent job, even til now its going strong and never encountered major problems.
I'm very pleased with my Charge 3 speaker. Great sound considering the size. Excellent battery life. Waterproof. Hard to find better value
I used this for running outdoor and on machines.  I have used other wireless earbuds and corded ones, but this was the first one to stay in place during the entire walking/running.  However, the sound was not as good as others I have used.
I have had my speaker a few months now. The sound is incredible, very life-like. The Bluetooth makes the connection every time. Other Bluetooth sources in the area do not interfere with my connection or music. I would recommend this speaker to anyone looking for a wireless, Bluetooth speaker.
Purchased my Bose 301 speaker set in 1993 while on active duty military. These speakers are still kickin just like new. Bose will have a hard time exceeding the performance of the 301 series
Sounds & looks great.  Easy Bluetooth connectivity & syncing to other JBL speakers. I have it a five star on value only because I got it on sale.  Otherwise list price is too high.
I got a set of these before xmas 2018 and I was blown away. Dont waste money on beats. Buy these!!!!
If you are looking for wired headphones that sound great and stay in while running, these are a great choice.
These headphones have a clear, well-balanced sound. They offer a good sound reproduction and covers a respectable frequency range. Very comfortable and light.
Love this little speaker. Sounds great. Compact size is easy to take anywhere.   Only issue is I wish the blue tooth capability was a little further. Speaker has to be in pretty close proximity to the blue tooth device.
Although I have had to wait nearly 2 months to receive the product - it has been well worth the wait! The sound is amazing, the set up so easy and it looks fantastic too. Smaller than I was expecting which is a bonus. I just love the clarity of the sound - amazing! I am thrilled. Thank you Bose!
The best earbuds that I have ever had. I bought these earbuds when they were on sale wish I would have purchase several of them.
This work very with my Pioneer multi-channel receiver and Infinity center speaker, polk R-series speakers.Satisfied reponsive very well. This is what I need for a little more bass......
These speakers rock!! They play loud and clear.  In my opinion, i liked the way the old polk RTi70s sounded. I like warm sound. But theres no way you can complain about these speakers because they sound so good.
I purchased these for some kids and they love them. I tried them out and they sound clear and they are comfortable. The small bag is a bonus and the offer to provide additional ear pieces if the ones you receive are not comfortable make this a super deal.
Big win:  My Studio is filled with powerfull and christal clear sound. All my party guest asked me, how I can blow my studio with only two Polks R50 into a Buddha Bar Lounge. Great stuff produced in USA !!
I took a flight trip in a military plane (C-17) in a 18 hours flight I was so please to have my Headphones. I was able to listen to music as well watch few movies with out any issues, with excellence sounds at the same time noise of the airplane was cancel.
Brought the charge 3 a little over a month ago and the sound is great I work I a shop with loud machines and this thing works right thru them
I'm 60, I have had 6 major stereo systems in my time so far and I can tell you that JBL has been part of my last 3 systems. They consistent powerful and deliver a rich full sound. I would easily recommend these to a friend for home theater and or stereo listening. I couldn't be happier
Bought this because I thought it looked good and I'm very impressed with it, The sound is very good and the range is impressive, I think it is a great deal at a very good price.
Just bought this system to simplify my audio components and love it. Its so simple to use, just a tap on top to start it us, then I can tune it, or change channels using the remote from my favorite chair. Great sound, and from such a little unit!!
Great set of speakers. I had the Alpine Type S 5X7's and these are a night and day difference. They compliment my MM6 momo components quite well. They dropped right in without modification in my 2001 Taurus. A+++ Very clear sounding
Looking for an amp that provides great bass without sounding muddy and overpowering a room?  This is the one I'd pick.  For me this amp proved that bigger wasn't needed to be better.  It's small and yet it packs a great punch.  Perfect bass for music and always seems to surprise me during a movie.
So I loved the flip 3, but over time I needed a new speaker and was so impressed by the difference. It's louder and more durable. The sound quality is very impressive and I LOVE this product! Especially for the price!
USB charging port is excellent, sound quality crisp and clear. Lacking in the sub woofer range, only having it in one side. Battery life awesome. But not having the ability to connect wirelessly to another BT speaker is a draw back. Overall very pleased with product.
I brought these 2 and a half years ago.   Love them, amazing sound.  Works with multiple devices seamlessly.  I usually keep them in the case when not in use.
Just charged it up and it works fine and think it sounds good .Bought this item refurbished .It doesn't have a mark on it and you would think it was brand new! Comes with a one year warranty from Harmon Cardon.Hope it lasts a long time.
The best system for the condomunium owner; the subwoofer is a perfect match, not too loud, not too quiet.  Gives a great listening experience to you and not your neighbours.
I bought this for my 5 year old son for Christmas.  The quality and overall product is exceptional especially for the price.
I have a 1998 Toyota Camry. I replace all of the factory speakers with polk audio speakers, an WOW was it a major difference. The downside is that the tweeters seen go bad very fast. My 1st set lasted me about 6 months. My 2nd set lasted about 3 months.
This speaker is my first Bose product but probably not my last. A couple sitting next to me at the beach had one and I was amazed at the clarity and richness of the sound. I had to have one and have no regrets.
Hi. I just bought the jump model but the left earphone is not working, only the right. Ihave to fully charge the battery to correct that failure?
Simple to assemble, easy to adjust, and sounds as if it is a wired portion of my surround system. The early evaluation is that it lives up to its promotion.
The JBL Charge 3 Case is a convenient case to you. It stores the JBL Charge 3 inside the case and it is a durable case. I would recommend this case to anyone who has a JBL Charge 3.
Have set of these{Atrium60} in my lobster boat sound fantastic. Lots of comments about how great they sound. They have been going strong for about 2 years now and sound as good as they did when first installed.
i try many mini headphone for my mobile phone sony ericsson W980i ，MP3>>this one is the best choice of me，i must say i hear the music !! not a sound >>>
We got this to go camping and it played music ALL night and charged my phone with out dying, lasting the whole weekend. Amazing product, so glad we got it and would get it again in a heart beat
I love these speakers, they are increadible, of course im comparing to low end speakers or stock.... and yeah they dont have any bass, NEEDs subwoofer(s) but great all around.
The best sounding Bluetooth speaker!   I’ve had this speaker for a year now. The base is fantastic, battery life is excellent and it absolutely fills the room with sound.  It connects to my iPhone seconds after turning it on every single time. This is true but Bose quality.
jbl t300a great good midle bass good  power full bass sound rock rock ballard jazz strongly recommend !    this stereo head phone
These fit so nice in my ear and the sound is fantastic.  I can walk and listen to music or whatever without worrying about them falling out. Really like these very comfortable.
These small speakers have a sound that is clean, clear, and crisp. I plan to purchase only Polk from now on.
I brought this last week and I am so happy with it it has amazing sound it was so easy to set up and I would recommend it it connects easily to my phone and iPad it battery time is good I have had no problems so fat
I,INSTALLED A PAIR OF THESE ON MY ALTIMA & TO MY SURPRISE THESE SPEAKERS ARE THE BEST 4 THE PRICE,YO!THEIR CRYSTAL CLEAR,ITS A BEAUTIFUL THING,I TOOK A GAMBLE & CAME OFF.YOU C WHERE IM FROM RIGHT;PEACE.BUY THESE THEY WELL WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this on Black Friday and this speakers is so good but the only bad thing with jbl is that they don't have surrounding speakers I wish they did unless I don't know.
The Flip3 is a fantastic deal from a cost, sound and design perspective.  Very happy with it and everyone who listens to it is very impressed.
We used the RC6S Polk speakers in a Dental office to direct sound above patients during exams and in small waiting rooms plus reception and office spaces with individual keypads for every speaker. Great sound in every location. Thank You for your dual imput speaker
Got it for $20 while on sale, would say it'll serve as a good small room speaker without bass! Except bass everything is good.
The bass is so good and loud I had to turn it down.  The low pass filter is effective in getting the settings just right.  Great add to my 7.2 system.
This is an amazing speaker and what I like it this model is that I don't need anything else in my house, it sounds like big speakers
Great earphones, but there are slight pauses whenever you're using your headphones from the computer when there are other usb's attached to the computer. (you might want to avoid the usb connections if you want to avoid the annoying interruptions)
Just bought this and it is unbelieveable. Sound is great, I would recommend this to anyone who loves good music
i bought it after my trip manila the first trip messed up my ears/hearing then the second trip w/ bose - no hearing problems and they pack everything w/ bose 35 for plane comfort.
Clear sound and good performance but Insufficient bass. It's good for Pop music rather than Classic music.    It's awesome Wired and Bluetooth 2 way connectivity.  Cute design, color and comfortable.
System sounds good. Satallite speakers crackle when played in Dolby Digital DTS 5.1(with certain movies) For the money it's a good system.
I've used the headphones for the last 2 months. They really cover the range of sound bass through tremble very well.They are als quite comfortable.
Just installed 2 pairs in a F-150 ext cab today. Its still early but my initi6al impression is good. Good tone across the board.
Superb.  I've had the RT1000 for 7 years and they are as good as ever.  I routinely check-in on other manufacturer @ friends and the sound doesn't come close.  I'm going after the center and surround sound to round out my lot.  Polks are fantastic!
**Center of bass** .....iHave'nt even pushed it wide open yet and the lows had me greatly satisfied. I just upgraded from the TSi CS 20. And I thought that was a great center. But this bad boy took the cake. It's worth the extra bread if you where thinking about the A4.
I was hesitant to spend the money for a set of earphones but have not regreted it. Very comfortable for hours and great sound.
I got these in Canberra, Australia.  I know alot of people say that they lack bass compared to others, thats because these are speakers that are ideally suited to be put in a proper audio system with a sub and amp etc. 6 inch speakers are never meant to be used as a sub!!  They sound great.
Really good product, but there should be the possibility to run speakers A and speaker B differently (e.g. one switched off, the other switched on or one volume at 8, the other one volume at 5). For such an expensive amplifier, this should allowed by the app.
I really like the JBL Xtreme. It's really loud and it has an incredible battery life. But, after the software update I did, the Xtreme distorts the bass sometimes at max volume. Does anyone have the same issue? Is this normal? Overall it's a great speaker!
These are the only earbuds that never fall out of my ears.  Sound is great, wireless are comfortable and stable.
I bought my SoundTouch 30 speaker yesterday. I cannot believe the awesome sound that comes from this speaker. It fills my living room with great tones and the bass....wow. I love this speaker and will soon purchase another one to link in my studio.
Bought this item a few weeks ago. Shipping was super fast. Small size and yet very powerful. Sound quality is loud and crisp.  Highly recommended.
I bought them a week ago. Battery life is great. Super comfortable. Sound is clear and crisp. Only negative is the bass is lacking. I adjusted my eq on my phone, hasn't seemed to help at all. I wish there was something to fix this.
I put four of these in our party school bus (full sized school bus).  Fed 75 watts rms 150 watts max from a cheap Sony Amp. These things blow the doors off.  Adding a sub soon, but at full range and volume turned all the wy up, these speakers do an incredible job.  Would highly recommend them.
I bought this a month ago and it still thrills me blasting it loud. If u don’t like loud music it’s not for you, the bass is absolutely massive and the sheer power of the speaker rocks my walls- prepare to get many complaints from your neighbours!
Absolutely amazing sound quality! I am no expert when it comes to music, but I can appreciate the technology upon listening to the first song.You will want to use this speaker every day! Very, very impressed!
Added 4 speakers inceiling for Atmos configuration 7.1.4. I notice tremendous improvement to audio delivery. The swivel tweeter to the direction of listening makes the audio better and adheres to Atmos recommendation. Great speakers!
Been using them over couple of months. The variety what you can do with these headphones sound-wise is mind-blowing. Excellent!
Have had these in my car for about a year and they still sound great and look brand new. They have great bass for a 6.5 inch speaker and the highs notes are good and clear as well as everything in between.
These are great, and really has that open feel.  I only wish I could carry them across every genre i work in.  I do music for TV/Film, and although they are awesome sounding, going into bassier genres, I must rely on something else.  Also, are these FLAT to mix from?
I bought this little doozie about 5 to 6 months ago. Received it, looks great, good quality, fantastic sound....poor battery life and now it doesn't even work. The charging light stays on now and none of the buttons work. I was using the speaker about 3 to 5 days a week, a couple hours at a time.
Awesome amp. Very flexable preamp section. Took my 8volt input with no problem. Have it powering two Polk/Momo MM2124 (12") in a .92ft3 box. They pound. Best amp I have owned so far.
Best earbuds I’ve ever had! I left them outside on  accident in the freezing snow and I found them the next day and they worked like they were brand new!
I LOVE Music & If You Are Any Kind Of Music Person You Will LOVE The Sound That Emminates From These Cans. Buy A Pair Now!!!
They weren't lying when they said it last 12hrs (unless yur charging something) The bass is powerful & it is very loud. I am very satisfied with my product. Thank you JBL
I bought this speaker today, and I instantly fell in love with it. It has clear sounds. Do not expect it to blow you away with bass. But a little compromise on that part means you get a speaker that has it all. And it looks so gooood!
I am impressed with the size of this speaker! 9" in height and 3" wide, and has a long charging cable. The sound is amazing and doesn't distort at the highest setting and the light show is mesmerizing and has many levels. I love it!
I bought this speaker today.  It's really great, more portable than JBL xtream and sound for me better charge 3, sometimes like JBL xtream 2.  I'd like this speaker very much.
I just picked these up and the sound quality is amazing along with its great bass, I absolutely love these although they are pretty pricey
Absolutely nothing comes close to these speakers. Clean, clear, power; at any volume. Once you hear these speakers, you can never go back to any thing else. Worth every penny!!!!!!!!! Hears a rumor that they would be discontinued. That would be tragic!
These headphones are definitely worth the money you pay. I am very pleased with the sound quality, and the Bluetooth connectivity works like a charm. However, they are not as comfortable as I would like them to be, I cannot wear them for a long period of time. But overall, these are awesome :D
I have this small speaker...it does have a great volume and excellent sound, however, I find that it really needs charging over and over again.  So, I can't play a lot of albums before I have to recharge it.  Otherwise, great product!
This is a great sounding speaker. Certainly allot of bang for your buck. I have over 3, to give to my nephews and they also love it
Bought this on a whim and couldn't be happier...exactly what I was looking for.  Small and compact yet the volume will get extremely loud.  This will be my new travel Bluetooth go to!
Excellent speaker, so much basse, very beautiful, just the music power is just a little bit lower than JBL or over speaker with same price
Just bought it today in the Bose shop in Hangzhou China where I live. Could not wait to get it home and listen. I am delighted with its rendering of pop and classical. I will be listening to it a lot.
Unleash your music, movies and games with one of the most versatile and powerful speaker docks that JBL engineers have ever produced.
I bought a pair to complement Atrium 55 speakers in my home gym.  These speakers sound great!  Well worth the extra money!
Great product. I also own the RM 705 sat. speakers and they sound great as well. You can not go wrong with POLK. Quality and reasonable.I purchased the monitor 50's , cs2 for the center, psw125 for the sub , and monitor 30's for the rears.
I ride the subway in NYC and since purchases these headphones, it has been nothing but a pleasure to ride. The NYC subway has to be loudest train, outside of the BART in SF. These headphones knock out almost all of the noise, they are great!
This earphone has been designed to make the listener provide ease of use and great sound quality and a brilliantly built.
This is my second purchase for a new house being built. I get to create an additional sound room and bought new equipment for it. This subwoofer was a must have and I recommend it to everyone while it's still available.
Only had for a few weeks now but so far I am very pleased with the sound of the speaker. Charge seems to last a long time. Bluetooth range is excellent.
Its a great product. The quality is great. I love the sound of it. Ive had a flip 2 and it was good and when something went wrong they fixed it.
Great value for money, Great sound, comfortable to wear, look good and don’t cost the Earth. Not get better for the price
I have to say that I was unexpectedly impressed and was skeptical at first.  Very compact, efficient and effective.  I advise download the connection app and disabling the start-up/power-down sounds -- they are annoying to most people and luckily can be easily disabled, with some minor effort.
I was looking for a portable bluetooth speaker that I could travel with and I found it in the Flip. Bigger sound than some of the smaller units, but it could hit pretty decent volume if needed. Never had an issue with Bluetooth connectivity, and I now use it for conference calls in my home office.
I bought these speakers new back in 1998. They still rock the house. They are also subtle and refined.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my babies for 15 years now and don't plan on replacing them anytime soon
I brought this like 1week ago.. it's really comfortable to use but the buds are big in size... Try make it into 3sets.
Pleasantly surprised by these headphones. I was given them as a gift by a friend. Bluetooth works perfectly too (as opposed to many headphones that don't automatically connect and give connection problems in general). Also, the voice prompts by Q himself are a nice touch.
The quality of the product and sound quality is incredible for the price. The technology adapts perfectly to my latest Yamaha AV receiver.
It begins sound comes and goes to the point it's not usable--after about 20 feet from the desktop there is no mobile phone here.  What is recommended as a range extender for the Charge 2+ ?
Perfect if you need to relax in the evening while listening to it with a really clear and natural sound and of course the light show is exceptional with vibrant  and bright LEDs.
KNOWN FOR THEIR BASS,JBL DOESN'T DISAPPOINT HERE. DECENT OVERALL SOUND & SETUP IS A BREEZE. I PAID $299.95 SO I'M SATISFIED.
My wife bought me this speaker as an anniversary present and I have to admit that it is simple to operate and reproduces the most amazing sound quality for such a small unit. I have owned other bluetooth speakers but they don't even come close. Well done BOSE.
These things are great!!! I purchased an entire lifestyle 3500 system from Bose and I am not kidding when I say these speakers alone are much more satisfying to listen to than that entire system.
Hi the speaker is great but as soon as I try to call WhatsApp contact using the revolve speaker the call gets disconnected. Additionally if my speakers are paired imo calls get rejected. Can you please look into it?
I bought this with the sole purpose of bringing back my old Bose Lifestyle 28 entertainment system, and take advantage of the those great speakers.  It works great and easy to set up!
A lot more bass and volume in general than you'd expect. Also, I think I left it out in the rain... Still works somehow. Does anyone know... Are these built to be water resistant?
Love both the speakers I purchased, specially with the surround sound capabilities. Best speaker ive bought so far.
Overall this a great speaker. It has a solid build and great loud and clear sound with easy to use functions but the Bluetooth needs improvement. But overall great stuff
I love this product and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for this type of carrying case. Is definitely the best available on the market. Great price for value as well.
This product brings home entertainment to life without the need for speakers dotted all around your room and enables you you to play music direct from TV tablet or phone. A little complicated to set up but I'm not techi and the Bose support team soon had me up and running.
I bought this syatem on 22 oct from online partners amazon india. However the system was delivered without remote . and am getting a feelong of being harrassed by theeir customer service
The small cover over the charging port needs to have a stronger connection one that doesn't break off. The sound is incredible even at the lowest setting. Almost prefect!
IT IS VERY GOOD DESIGNED COMPACT SOUND SYSTEM, CAN BE CONNECTED IMMEDIATELY TO ANY DEVICE.VERY GOOD SOUND .IT IS BEING USED REGULARLY .
I pre-ordered the Galaxy Note 9, and therefore got these free with my purchase. They have excellent sound quality and have pretty good battery life.
I got it from a friend, used it to connect with other flip 4's and it was so awesome! Also, from the look of it - its price is not that high and quite affordable for students!
Had my Soundlink for a week now and played it constantly.  Love the speaker phone feature for calls.
sound is very clear, it gets pretty loud. a little weak on the bass, but that is expected. battery life is good. connects very easily to your phone. looks good. easy to carry.
Bought this for when we have bbq or fire pit parties outside this coming year. My husband and kids swiped it after it arrived and made it the tv speaker. They loke it way better for both shows and video games than the sound bar i had there. So i will be getting another one for outside it seems haha!
i forgot to tell that there is also a momo 8 inch running in the back smooth and direct ! i want to replace the original speakers in the back door for a 13 cm mid speaker from polk also db series greetings from holland!
Loving the ‘versatility’ of this small speaker! Take it to the pool, the kitchen, etc... never a worry about it getting wet. As always- has rich, full Bose sound! Soon to pick up a Micro to pair with Color II- give me a bit more volume- and can get even closer to the pool, etc!!
great device for parents to have; so they can keep up with house work while still being able to keep an "ear"out on the kids . No more of that yelling over bluetooth speaker cleaning playlist or shifting your headphones so you can hear about who's annoying who.
JBL has been improving their products every year. I have owned a number of JBL products the past couple of years and they get better every year. The new JBL Everest line is worth purchasing. You will not be disappointed.
I bought this for my college dorm and just tested it out today. It was easy to set up and has great sound quality.
Very good performance even at high volume. Battery last enough time. Never got disappointed. Worth for the price.
Love the speaker but very disappointed that it did not come with its own charger. And the charger from my charge3 would not fully charge the 4. Had to buy my own charger.
I bought this on 2016 Black Friday deal and its worth for the Value of Money spent on it.Its curve design fits into the ear properly. But sound quality can be improved
Your Bose 535 is the perfect system. Great Sound for music, movies, TV and Video Games. The Installers were excellent and The system is so easy to use my Learning disabled wife figured it out with in a couple of hours. A system like this and sound like this are worth every penny.
I already enjoy the sound and convenience of the Flip 4.The Charge 3 sounds great as well although a bit different.Classcal and jazz sound really well with this speaker.The only drawback is the sound when turning the speakers on and off.
> Best Speaker with desired functionality. > Good enough for rooms like bedrooms or personal workspace. > Audio is very stable no distortion noticed on high volumes. > Internet radio is the best part. > Met all expectations except the display could have been dim-able.
Paid 10.99...I use them for running and at the gym ...perfect ...the cord very good quality ..the sound a 7 out of 10, but 10.99 amazing value
I have used a lot of different brands, must say I am very happy with the quality of Jbl products, easy set up, great sounds, have not had the problems other's have had, you can not go wrong with Jbl.
I believe it's the best soundbar right now anyone can buy! Soundbar alone is more than capable of giving you best sound experience but can't wait to get my hands on to the complete system..
DUH!!! It's a Bose. I got what was expected and am completely satisfied. Another in a line of Bose products that I own. Why waste the time and effort it takes to try a so-called equivalent?
I have an alpine head unit, polks all around interior (4) and an L7 15" solo beric Kicker in an 3 1/2 ft by 2 1/2 ft, 8 in by 7 in porter kicker box with a 1000w Kenwood amp pushing it in my 2002 Explorer.  Thinking of amping the polks, but dont need to.
I've had this michrophone for over ten years and it's in great shape and sounds great - still. Hope I can buy another in Canada when I need to.
My JBL Flip never ceases to amaze me every time I fire it up. For a device so compact it has a mighty sound so much greater than you'd expect. How could you be dissapointed?
Awesome sound quality, very sturdy headphones, and easy to fit. The design, however is not very appealing to me. It feels like it could have been a little bit smaller.
Very impressive.  Excellent detail and surprising imaging.  Low frequencies are superb for such a compact sub.  Remote could be better and bigger.  Touch controls on front are very cool.
Bluetooth works seamlessly, sound is amazing, super durable, and the waterproofing is amazing. I take this thing everywhere.
It is full of bass! Every song is added with bass, and it gives a nice surround and live sound! Bose is always amazing for these kinds of audio quality. It is so far so good!
I'm very picky and these rock. Awesome sound beyond Beats and jambra and Apple is a joke Fit? A++ perfect in my ear. Apple D--, Beats B--, Jambra C
I’ve had these for a week now and I’ve just got to say that Bose has done a pretty decent job on them . I’ve used them on my holiday and this served me quite well . The noise cancelling on these is almost perfect. As for the durability last week I banged my head onto this and nothing happened to it
Somehow my brother is on my speker trolling me sometimes. Is there a way i can unpair his device? And this should be added in the app!
Really lack in volume . Through any of my I devices this set of headphones , though clear , aren't loud enough . but for 20 bucks not too much to complain about
I've been using these headphones for 2 months now. I really like them. They fit around my big head properly and are a lot comfier than my previous pair. The wireless is great, and I like the fact it has buttons to do things like pause music and answer calls without the need to get my phone out.
they sound great and they stay in place even while exercising. on several occasions, they lost the bluetooth connection, but i'm thinking it's due to having many wireless speakers nearby and iphone picking up a different signal. They were a great deal, but I wouldn't buy them at full price.
Polk has a great reputation for audio products. Installation was a snap on my 2000 Isuzu Rodeo. Would recommend to anyone.
I really love this speaker! It's sound is great, I can't wait to bring it everywhere with me and use it at the beach this summer!
I have a set of Polk spwakers for my 7.1 system, the RT35i are my back effect speakers.  Their imaging and accuracy are as good as my front speakers-- RT20p.  I have also added a pair of PSW202 to extend the base to a solid 40hz.  The are just "fantastic".
Headphones exceeded expectations in all ways, especially considering the low price point! Thoroughly satisfied. Excellent quality.
I bought 2 weeks ago the JBL Flip 3 black. The main reason was to work wireless with my Dell 9950 laptop. Unfortunately even after updating the software to the current one, I couldn't use it. It pair with no issue but cannot be used as it is not detected as a playback device. Please help!
Great set of speakers. Dont be fooled by the size. Very powerful and crisp sound. Paired up with a psw12 and sounds Great! You wont be dissapointed
Currently using these for my 1969 pioneer sx-990 with huge amounts of bass , they sound incredible! The sound is so pure and warm and given the small listening area the bass is great as long as Loudness is turned on. Polk once again has perfected speaker design for a vintage device
I replaced my 10inch alpine type R's with these because i traded in my stang for an suv and I could not be happier.  The bass is just sick.
3 rd pair on there way, Left earpiece dies with extended use(londistance runner)due to ware and tear (they all do, plain physics) but support service excellent to replace free of charge under warrant, no shipping cost either. Great company
This speaker doesnt have all the bells and whistles like a creepy "Low Battery" voice and wont dive for oysters. But it does have a very surprisingly big sound for a smallish speaker. Way happy with this speaker. I ended up buying two more and giving them as Christmas presents.
Bought this product together with my soundsport pulse, its a dual purpose charger and hard case protector I can easily put in my gym bag and protected thru this hard case.
I bought 3 pairs for multi room home setup. These are pretty good at low volume background music and loud enough for party music
Bought this around two weeks ago and I am more than happy! Very good sound for being so small and easy to carry.
I bought these speakers a couple months ago. I knew of JBL's reputation however I never thought I would get such quality at such a low price. I've been telling everyone about the deal I got by buying direct, thanks again JBL.
These Things are awesome.  Much Better Than Mr. Ross's G@y Bose speaker set up.  They sound better than my old Polk RT1000i's
Awesome sound package! It was a little pricey, but I am not unhappy with the money spent now that its up and running.
First time with Bose and all I can say is wow. I’ve never heard “The Long Black Train” this good.  I think when I recover from buying soundbar I’ll add the Acoustimass 300.
I have only had my Bluetooth speaker for less than 7 months and it is not turning on or charging. :(  Not sure if this problem is the cord or the speaker itself? Please help, love my speaker!!
Bought these speakers as gifts for other people and they tell me that they love their new speakers. A very good Bluetooth speaker for someone who needs to upgrade from their built in speaker in their phone. The sound is rich with sinewave bass motion. Quite comforting.
I bought my first set of AM-5's back in 92.  They sounded great, I'm sure they still do, but lost them in the divorce.  Bought another set 2 years ago, and love them just as much, if not more than the first set.  I've always had great luck with Bose products.  The customer service is OUTSTANDING!!!
Product is phenomenal! Crisp, clear sound. Pure bass. Crystal clear highs and full clean mids. I can't take them off!
So far I brought this item & it's been treating me well . I hope one of the ears don't stop working again . This is my second pair of headphones from jbl
Absolutely amazing headphones!! Would 100% recommend to anyone who wants to get a high end pair because they are a little pricey but completely worth it!! I had the over ear Bose headphones that didn't have noise cancelling and the QC25 headphones are light years better!!
While traveling home for holidays this particular clock was in my hotel. The sound was amazing. My daughter noticed how much I liked it. Gifted it to me for Christmas. I absolutely Love it!
Nice speaker.  Well made and crystal clear.  I used bass blockers which I'd recommend. Installed in a 91 Sonoma and had trouble fitting in the front due to the dept.  Just modified the grille mounts to get a little extra room and squeezed them in.
I have the Bose Companion 2 or 3.. can't remember, but I just got the 5 TODAY. I'm glad to say i'm very happy with my purchase. I love this. Excellent quality as always!
I had both the QC25 and SoundLink AE2 headphones for different purposes.  I used the QC25's for travel and the AE2 for listening to music around the house.  The QC35's combine the best of both worlds.  I am now able to use the QC35's for travel and my wireless streaming with my Apple devices.
I upgraded after selling the previous version. I am truly delighted. The Soundtouch is impressive and easy to use. I have since bought two more for different rooms.
So happy I purchased this product! The sound quality is great, the earpieces stay on place and are comfortable to wear!
A pair of this microphone delivers the spatial perspective that I want and still place them in an unobtrusive manner. What is surprising is the fact that the more cost effective AT2021 has a brigther sound, suggesting a wider frequency response than the darker sounding and similar looking PRO37.
I'm amazed at the volume, frequency response, and clarity of this little unit. Great range on bluetooth as well.
I'm very happy with the purchase of the Polk XM tuner.  It fits in with my other components and I'm very satisfied with the sound quality and button controls.  I highly recommend it.
The speakers are absolutly amazing, the sound quality is amazing for every type of music, Bose does a really good job for the best sound quality. Every time I am behind my computer and using the speakers it gives me a smile on my face.
I put the case though some challenges already. The fabric is great as is the durability. The only way to make it better would have been to include a one inch slot to put the charger.
I just bought these used. These sound stellar as a book-shelf or surround speaker. Have the classic Polk sound. I own the SDA-2's (Nothing compares to the SDA's)and am looking to upgrade to the SDA-1's. Great Job Polk!!
Excellent sound quality and priced well ,small ,compact ,easy to just take to the beach or to a picnic or just listen to at home don't even Hanne a home stereo anymore it sound so good and easily moves to which ever rim your in
I am experiencing amazing sound quality when listening to music or watching streaming videos via Netflix. My only feedback is for the charging unit to have more chord length between unit and headphone jack. Keep up the great work Bose!
This speaker was sent to my family as part of the Backstage Pass program and we love it! The built in Google home is so nice and convenient. We have it set up in the kitchen and it’s so convenient for us. The volume is amazing and the setup was very easy. Love it!
Not much highs. It's more geared for teenagers.  I think they need to put some more mids and highs with it
I bought it some weeks ago and I really love the sound it gives. Chose the red one and it is beautiful. Love everything about it.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he absolutely loves it. This is he first JBL and he can’t stop talking about how loud and clear the music is. Definitely worth the purchase
I love the JBL Flip 4. It’s so compact yet it is also loud with a solid beat. I got it only 2 weeks ago but I’m so excited to take it with me to the mountains in the summer!
I bought this speaker a few months ago and I love it! It's very loud and the battery actually last long compared to other speakers. Great for parties. Quality is top notch
I bought two pairs of these to replace factory installed speakers in a boat, and the sound is absolutely great.
These are amazing! The sound quality is great, lightweight and small enough to make them portable. Price is wonderful! My only issue is battery life but just have a portable charger with you on long times away and you're fine!
I bought this item and really good! I am fully satisfied with the sound and bass, I love it! Beautiful clean sounds with amazing bass..
My partner almost permanently wears headphones and was really impressed with how they are attached, he constantly pulls his present sets out whilst working or doing odd jobs. This obviously will not happen again and, well the sound and reputation is second to none.
Great speaker for the price, the only way to get something better is if you buy a more expensive and bigger speaker. Easy to use, connects super fast to any device.
I bought this for myself to have at work. It really sounds extremely nice. For the size of the JBL  Go, you diffently get your money worth.
These Bose Virtually Invisible 300 wireless surround speakers are amazing... I bought it for my SoundTouch 300 soundbar and I was amazed by the full surround sound and the sound quality. Its a great combination.
Amazing sound and battery life! only issue i have is connecting a third speaker through jbl connect. Once that's resolved I will change my rating to 5 stars!
I've had mine for 3 years now = LOVE IT!!! Had it cranked to max (for a test a few times) with NO distortion! Stand away from the unit and be amazed with the life-like band in house clarity etc. + The low end produced via the "Wave" tech. is quite impressive.
Impressive sound. The cables are flat, which makes them really easy to wrap and store. The earbuds are magnetized, which is a neat feature when wearing them, but not in use. Seem fairly durable, but we'll have to see how it does overtime. All in all a great buy.
I use it fo ray MacBook Pro and my iPhone 6s, works like a champ. Great sound and portability! Love that the battery lasts for a long while as well. All around great little product.
Excellent sound and visual display! I bought 2 and linked them to my jbl boombox for the ultimate sound experience.
i bout a jbl on beat micro with the christmas money i have and i love it. it sounds good and the desighn is awesome and never will go to bose or beats or anything....
Amazing Sound for a speaker this size, really easy to setup and works so well with my google home. I have created a group so that it plays around the house. I am sure it will not be long before I buy another 1 or 2 or 3............. :-)
I need help because I can not to use my JBL for calls. I can hear people but they do not listen to me ... What should I do?
Can’t beat the set up and the sound quality for the price   2 flip4s cost less than $110 and when paired together using  the connect app you have great stereo sound from these 2 little speakers.
Its really an awesome product. Even in low volume, the quality if sound is outstanding. Though it may sound like price is high but they quality you get is equally good and worth taking.
The Bose Solo 15 is best suited for those don't need an bass module with a home theater system. The bass control is very good addition
I am blown away by the sound quality these headphones produce, and the noise cancellation is excellent and an added bonus.  I have yet to have a friend try them out and not go out and buy their own pair.  Simply amazing in quality, design and comfort!
This is perfect from streaming music from my ipad and/or phone.  Nice deep sound and volume control.  Would definitely recommend.
When I take this speaker home, then open it and then get it charge, and then I start listening to it, it really pumps up some heavy big bass that was better then I was expecting. Also the treble was clear and easy to hear and is hot harsh , I really love my speaker, it is the best I've ever owned.
Owned these little beuts for over five months now and they are amazing the only con is when you turn your head. To the left it cuts off the left headphone but if your jogging can become a plus when running a cross the road to hear and see traffic.
Just took it out of the box today. Got it paired easily. Washed the car with it on in the garage.  Excellent sound, Combo of rock, R&B, Pop, Funk....the fidelity was brilliant.   This is my go-to sound source from now on.  (Used to have a hard-wire to two speakers...that's over with now.
Wow its small but the sound that comes out of it is very BIG indeed fantastic product the sound quality is amazing for its size. every one should have one these.
since i was very young JBL has always been my favorite and again they have stepped up to the plate to knock one out of the park. my extreme is perfect, i had a flip 3 and gave that to my 93 year old mother for Christmas,   the extreme was my present to myself.
I got these for Christmas and i wanted them so bad I love them but they don't stay connected to my Chromebook but I guess that's why they come with a cord I got them in black
YESSSSSS!!!!!! now i have another  POLK SRT SYSTEM (my second one!!) and make a QUAD ARRAY SYSTEM with 4 gigantic Subwoofers!!!!now every Movie is a FEELING ...NO CINEMA in Europe has a sound like This!!!It`s the ultimate Soundsystem ever!!!!another Thanx to M.POLK for this System!!!!!
Awesome!!!! Just got it. I use it in a variety of settings. Bose is the best, why settle for anything less? Thank you Bose for your commitment to excellence.
I bought these headphones last Saturday and I absolutely love them. You don't realize how much noise there is until you put these headphones on, They Really Are Noise Cancelling!
I was shocked with the sound that comes from such a little speaker.Room filling.Just absolutely crazy.Would totally recommend this.It's a awesome and quality product for the money
I no longer have to have my amp on 6 channel stereo to rock my livingroom.  I listen to every thing from classical to heavy metal and it all sounds great.  Bravo
I was thinking of getting the  Bose SLM 2 but bought this instead. Best choice I ever made! Good bass and crisp sound. Waterproof and nice looking speakers.
This product had been recommended to me and they were not wrong, fantastic speaker with better than top quality sound. In comparison to my other speakers there is no competition, definitely worth the buy!
Just got these about a week ago, and they're fantastic in every way! My only complaint would be that they do stick out quite far from your ear, but other than that I love them. Must have!
I finally organized my garage and I placed 2 pairs of ATRIUM 45's, one at each corner. These speakers do deliver clean clear sound that me, my wife and anyone who enters my garage can appreciate.  Needless to say we spend a lot of time in their now!
the sound that this bar is making is just amazing,looks great under the tv and subwoofer is really strong.
They are nicely designed, wonderful colours, good adjustment, but design wise a little flawed. The wire will be the fail point it is not really resilient enough. also the bass is a bit lacking
Great speaker, good sound quality & construction I'm just not getting the highs I expected.  Maybe one more silk dome tweeter would have done it.
I bought this for a birthday present for my partner. He loved it! So great sound for such a small size! You can take it anywhere. Very pleased!
This is the best sound system I have ever had. Better than Bose. However, sometimes there are issues with the bluetooth, disconnects randomly. Would recommend though sound is just too good.
If you pair these with a quality amp and a good sub, you will definatley be happy.  I can listen to these speakers for hours and am sometimes still in dis-belief .  These make my yamaha soundbar sound like a tin can.  FOR THE MONEY THESE CANNOT BE BEAT HANDS DOWN.
This tiny palm size box is 100% perfect just as all other Bose speakers only bad part is that Bose should have included a travel pouch
After doing a ton of research and listening to many different speakers, I'm glad I found these babies. Excellent for music, great for home theater, particularly when paired with the csia4 or a6 centers.
The QC20i's are phenomenal! I'm a first-time Bose customer. Price has usually kept me away, yet this time I needed headphones that blocked out the distractions. I gave these a try and I'm so glad I did. The sound of the music is superb and the sound-block is just as good.
I got these headphones like 6 years ago, and i have been using them for electronic drums, even after all these years they still sound amazing. When i want to listen to music causally with great sound quality i use these, or when i make movies or music on my computer i use these. Highly recommend
I've ran a lot of different types of sound systems in vehicles and nothing performs like these components. Time and time again when people ask for my recommendations I refer them to these speakers when used with an amp. And to boot these are certified for Marine too.
They offer crystal clear sound particularly at the high range. It means you can hear throbbing bass in trance music. best value for your $$$
I've recently changed form beats that I had for many years and have been really happy with my Bose and wouldn't change back
I like my JBL GO.  I would rate it 5 stars if I understood more about how it works.  It came with no instructions.  I would love to be able to hear music from my phone and the box at the same time. Then two locations could listen to the music.
they sound really good and very clean! theyre not the loudest subs ever but im pretty satisfied with them for 200$ brand new off a friend!!
These are probably the most comfortable sport headphones I’ve had. The ear clip is quite flexible and so doesn’t pinch behind the ears. I’ve got small ears so really glad it had 3 different ear pieces.
Bought as a gift for my son and he loves the sound quality. Sorry no photos as he lives out of state.
Just got my JBL Horizon radio in white. Love the rich sound and ease of use. Looks great with the decor!
Deep, rich base. This sub is a great compliment to smaller box speaker needing something better on the low end.
They sound very good crisp clean and clear I would have liked to hear some more rich deep bass the k77 that I have are louder at the same level but every head phones are different I do love my new k240 thank you AKG
I bought this for Christmas, and since I opened it I was in love. I used it with my Apple products and it sounds amazing! You can really hear the bass part. I would recommend this product to other people.
Spend a few extra dollars on this amazing piece of equipment. its well worth it. I got a color link, but I'm thinking of upgrading to the bluetooth speaker III
Wow! These sleepbuds are a nice sleep aid for me.  I've suffered from insomnia for 15 years and these do make quite a difference in my ability to sleep.  I've used prescription meds in the past and I will never use them again due to their side effects.
I bought the QC 35 II five days ago and so far I can say that the experience I had is quite impressive. I am using the QC during the day during the work time and I really can stay concentrate while I am on the computer. The QC really isolate me from the outside world.
At first i bougth these speaker for surround dutties hopping to buy floorstanders in future. Gues wat ? I never looked bc i just purchace two subs. These bookshelf are the best thing ul ever need
I bought these 2 weeks ago and I absolutely LOVE them. They are extremely comfortable and never fall out. Also the replacements make for a perfect fit. Recommend them to anyone who wants durable wireless earbuds, amazing sound and comfortable fit. In my opinion worth more than a 100 bucks.
I was amazed bat the difference between playing music from my phone and my Bose speaker. It's so clear and sounds like a suround sound. Easy to use, batteries last forever, light weight and for clumsy hangs like mine it's easy to grab. I absolutely love it. Not too big not small. Just perfect.
Bought these a couple of months back and have not been disappointed despite my initial concern about the quite substantial outlay. They are paying me back every day on my commute to work! Ace!
I have had my Flip 4 for about a Month. I love it! Music sounds very very good through these speakers.
when connected to bluetooth using my Lenovo laptop volume is very low even i max out the volume.tried every possible solutions online but to no avail....
These speakers are not for the faint of heart. If you want something that has kick these babies more than meat the criteria!
Easy pairing method with my NFC. The clarity of music is perfect, whether my phone be in my pocket or in a different room. Like all other bose products owned the battery life is good too.
I have brought this spaker one day ago. first i think it is small volume will be less but when i played first time it was amazing
Great sounding speakers but I would echo both reviews already posted and say they're not loud enough unless listening to 5:1. Transformers are twice the size of the speakers themselves so have unsightly wire all over the place. Update required in my opinion!
Got these while they were at a steal of a price of $12.99. Definitely worth it. Great sound quality, durable, and stay put in your ears. Wish I had got 2!
Bose came out with many new systems. I bought first for in my living room but was do happy with the sound that I wanted also 1 in my office. The bose soundtouch is the perfect size
Bought speaker recently. Good sound which is improved by using an equaliser. App that supports the speaker could be better.
After 14 years of fine listening to my SDA-1C's I still use them as a reference to others. I've never had a problem with them. They still put a smile on my face when I listen to them. In one word. AWESOME. Even after 14 years.
Bought a couple of months ago to use in the hotel whilst working away but now gets used everywhere- good battery life
Great for the hammock, shower, pool, and anything outdoors. Reasonably priced and great volume for a little speaker.
I brought this during offer which was $14, definitely this is very much worth for this price  The sound quality is really good The package was amazing, I really liked the way this is boxed
I would like to now if the little cover for the headphones how can I buy more of the covers cuz I lose mine all athe time???
Simply amazing Polk doesn't disappoint with this sub plenty of power for movies and music the setup was easy with the directions given best sub for price point
at the ease of installation, sound and overall quality of the product. Far superior to my "old" Bose radio. Remote works great and, after reading the reviews here, figured out how to regulate the sound quality (ie bass, treble, etc.). Would never have known without this forum. Congrats Bose!
i bought this a few days ago, and it fits perfect in MY ears for running and for sports, great sound and mic available. great item!
I tried them on instantly fell in love  Type of work I do these frames are perfect rich sound nothing in my ear or on top of my head. I love them
My girlfriend got me the mini 2 for Christmas and I love it! Great clarity in such a small speaker. The ability to move it from room to room and not have to worry with wires is great. Very pleased with this product.
I did a lot of research before buying a new pair of speakers.  I had been using a pair of DCM TF-700 speakers, and thought they sounded great, but the RTiA7 speakers sound amazing. I could not be happier with these Polk Audio speakers.
I am a little disappointed in the volume that can be attained but I am likely slightly deaf from some of the larger speakers JBL has produced.
I never thought such a small monster could do magic! Its exceeds your expectations and very nice colors too, I had chosen orange!
My wife wanted headphones when travelling overseas and these were recommended. No going back to any cheaper headphones. Just love them
I bought my sound bar over a year ago was very easy to set up right out of the box sounds great and still planning adding  the bass portion of it when I get the funds. Only problem I have is these funny looking head set don't know or where it go the reason for the 4 star instead of 5.
Perfect for use in the kitchen with a Chromebook. Plays most of a day on one charge, so if you're not using it all the time, it will last an entire day. Sound is improved over slightly smaller original JBL Charge.
I got my glasses oh I love it 100% only comment I have is I wish the lens is the transitional lens so that when your inside or when it's not sunny you can still keep it on ok Bose time to update the lens otherwise love love love it
For the price, I couldn't complain.  Good clean highs and they have a decent bottom end as well. Perfect upgrade for the car.
The JBL Xtreme has top sound quality, it is very reliable and relatively easy to transport. Totally worth buying it!
Use these in the gym 3-5 days per week; stair climber, weight lifter, treadmill, HIIT, tons and sweat...throw them in my gym back where they get beat up. Things still holding up strong.
These are without doubt the best speakers I've ever owned. The sound is so clean, great detail and the top end is perfect for me. I use them as both the mains for HT and two channel for music.  Construction seems to be very good as well. Both of the wood finishes are very well done.
I liked this product got it for a better price. The sound clarity is so Great and I would love to recommend this product to others. Excellent and Quality product.
Without ear phones due to a short I opened the package and AWESOME! I forget I have em in my ears! HiFi music! WOW!...
I have a couple of headphones and these are amazing! I have Sol Republics and Bose head gear and they are great. However, these have bomb bass. I would recommend for sure.
I got this from Marshells not expecting anything life changing or amazing since it was cheap price. But the sound quality is super clear! Loud enough to play at the pool or beach and be heard over wind and other people around us. Love it!
I liked this speaker so much I bought a second one so I have one for work and one for home. The one I use at home is mainly for the yard grilling and  enjoying a cigar and yard work. I also have JBL headphones when mowing the lawn witch sould great also but are not very loud.
I get pair of SRX 835p on summer 2015 & sound awesome I love it...I plan to get another pair Next Summer I recommended.
Used it on the plane when I slept. Worked extremely well. The whole world become quiet. But I could still hear the high voice, e.g. when the flight attendant talked to me.
I use this mostly for Audiobooks. Also waiting at appointments. I can listen while my husband listens to his music.  And the Clarity for me is great.. I also like to listen to Audiobooks at night in Bed. Very comfortable lying down and does not disturb my Husband.
This has got to be the best speaker I've bought. The sound quality is enormous when you crank it up. Everyone I've shown it to wants to buy one.
Got this as a Christmas gift....took longer to pull out of the box than to set up.   Sound is near movie theater quality.
I'd like to make a suggestion for an accessory some kind of floating dock or something like that I take it in the pool all the time but have to hold it . Something I could put it in so it will float around the pool would be nice.
These are by far the best headphones I have ever owned. I'm very very pleased with the build quality and the sound quality is outstanding
Great speaker, only problem is the buttons attend to fall apart, I would rate 5 stars if JBL would fix the problem
Bought my Sound Link speaker earlier today, read all the reviews first what a bit of kit, this is what music is meant to sound like... Recommend product do not hesitate to buy buy buy for the size of the speaker the sound is astounding ;-). I'm not one for review either, couldn't resist...
I suggest that the guy who gave a negative review change amps or something because this is the best bang for the buck out there.I am glad I let the sales guy talk me into buying it,it rocks the room with movies or music.I have it behind the couch and it makes the whole couch and the wall shake.
I really enjoy my Bose speaker but there are times it won't even turn on. I can't figure out the issue. Even my software is up to date :-/
Just received my buds! So excited. I’ve had several Bose products for years and see no reason to change. Thanks Bose!
everything is fine with it, but I bougth white, and that leather imitation started to cracking after maybe 2 months of use, and now them look terible a bit :)
I'm running 2 of these off of a MTX 801D and the sound reproduction is perfect, they hit hard and never flop, the sound quality is crisp and accurate, plus they are works of art and look as good as they sound. I love them and recommend them highly
This speaker has great range, durability and is very user friendly. And it sounds amazing. I even left it outside accidentally over night in below freezing temperatures and it still worked after! Sadly someone stole it out of my car recently and I miss it :(
Got the earbuds...thinking that they sound "Tinney" Imagine my surprise when I placed in my ears! What I received was "FULL RANGE" and INTEGRATED!
Had these as a Christmas present. Best headphones ever. Comfortable to wear, have tried various brands most of which either drop out of your ear when you are running or become uncomfortable after wearing them for a while. Can't fault the sound quality.
Was very easy to install. Upgraded from the 3-2-1 and can't believe the difference. Highly recommend this system.
One of the most beautiful qualities of Music System, easy to understand and to be understood.  There is no competition of sounds between Bose & Others.
Sound and comfort are unbeatable.I have owned the headphones for quite a while now and they are superior to others I have tried.
For the price, these are fantastic. excellent range, good dynamics, and superb detail. I would have paid 3x the price I paid for them. I don't what why some reviews were lower than a 5 star. I am extremely happy with these speakers two months after listening to them every chance I can.
Just got mine yesterday and I'm loving them! I thought my hubby was tricking me by just moving his lips but not speaking. Elton John was drowning him out! Best present I've gotten myself in a long time.
I bought this as a gift a month ago and my boyfriend loves this speaker!! Amazing sound, powerful and excellent quality. Still need to test it's waterproof feature, but far it has met all our expectations.
Arrived the next day very easy to use connects to my IPhone without difficulty.very convenient when travelling because no problems with wire getting caught.fantastic product would willingly recommend
It's compact, has great sound and the right connections for my stereo... Just what I was looking for
Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful ! Make the effort and beg, borrow or steal the money to buy it - Everything else is average "Tat" by comparison.....You'll never want to give it up.
Bought this for my sister. She loves the color (pink). Good sound for such a little thing. Very portable.
One of my best friend gave me a Sound Link For my 65thbirthday,It is the BEST GIFt  that ever recived for a present, It hook right up to my Amazon Fire and it goes everwere with me.
Light weight,  comfortable and great quality sound!  The acoustics in the product lives up to the JBL name.  Very impressed with this product and it was loved by the entire family.
The pluses:-  Great sound. Portable. Durable. Value for money. Does what it says.  Minus:- It cannot be past the innovative Bose engineers to install a switch to switch between bluetooth and wi-fi. We could then listen locally eg by the pool  or listen in the garden via wi-fi.
After listening to XM Radio for over a year, with my purchase of this receiver it's like hearing XM for the first time again! The clarity and crystal clear true stereo reception is nothing short of stunning!
Uncanny how this speaker can produce such fine and loud sound. The quality and finish are top notch as well.
I purchased these earphones to use when I exercise.  They work very well.  They stay in the ear while I exercise, which is a pleasant change from my other earphones. The sound is very good.
We purchased our sound system a couple of weeks ago and love it. Still getting use to the music streaming and using our I TUNES account. One quesiton is there a chance in the future we can stream music from Sirius XM and Amazon.
I just bought this product and it sounds like the artist is in your living room . I'am using primarily Bluetooth and what a difference with Signal Doctor it makes my Itunes collection come to life. Also the speaker looks very classy with the walnut finish.
i had 2 audiobahn aw152n = 15" 650 rmsW each, and thank god, i sold the audiobahn :Þ and this box got 139.2 db with 2x900w soundstorm slade amp (in galant station). i look forward to see what i will get with my 1700 rmsW slade mono block (humm, in hyundai sonata, yeah i know....)
I bought my first pair when they first came out. Love them. Have never been a fan of headphones/earphones but this product is fantastic.
I bought this for my Bose Sound Link to store it in to keep it from getting scratched etc.... Once I put it on (has a snug fit, which I like) I haven't removed it from the case since except to charge the unit. You can utilize the system while snug in its case. I like it a lot.
I bought this around two months ago and these headphones are amazing I   wanted to check out the noise cancling so i went to my computer played music at max volume put on noise cancling and could not hear a thing bought on eBay new for 280
Sync with my s8 with no problem. Run several miles every other day and they do not fall out or get uncomfortable. Sound is great.
Exceptional sound quality that I have come to expect from Bose products.  I am so pleased with this speaker.  Cant recommend this enough.
The best money i have ever spent. It was the first system i bought and i'm pushin it with a 750 watt kicker amp. It straight drills. I have a 1998 blazer and i can bounce a full 20 liter coke bottle a couple of inches of the top of my car.
Actually, I was planning to get sound at and surround speakers, but after the demo at stores, decided to get all the 3 items. Now I am happy, I did that.
Absolutely love this speaker, great sound! I would recommend it,in fact I maybe ordering a second one.
Its a grt product , but unfortunately i used it less, since 22/06/2015, looking for resale, bill, box and everything is intact.  Location Kanpur,UP, India #9793-OOO-4O8
Very good sounding speaker,not alot of bass just perfect,and very good price,also is not very big just perfect for your desk or to use at work
I love the style,color and sound of the headphones. The only problem I have is that after a period of time the headphones start to hurt the top of my head. Other than that, I love them! I wouldn't spend the extra money on beats, JBL is just as good!
absolutely love it never write reviews but I have a few bose items never go wrong with their sound or quality. .battery doesn't quite as long as stated only minutes gripe otherwise it would be a 6 star
these headphones are very high tech, with excellent comfort, durability, and crystal clear sound quality. I felt as if i was in the studio. great purchase!
the best speaker that i ever heard in my life.it sounds better than most pioneers in its class.idid not think ia 400watt speaker could actually take 1000watts of raw power.it is an EXCELLENT speaker.
Best friend in travel - need one enhancement which is know the battery status from the iPhone or from the headset
Just setup my new SoundTouch 10 system today. Very easy setup. Great sounding speakers as I have come to expect from Bose. So far only using it with Pandora, but it was extremely easy to setup.
Love it and very simple for traveling. Noise Canceling was working properly nice in my ear.. Bose simple the best for me. Thanks
I was going to buy the JBL Pulse but, decided to change my mind because the Charge3 just looked beefy. I am not disappointed one bit. The sound quality is just amazing. Great battery life, awesome that it charges your device as well. Amazing quality, highly recommend.
I bought these a couple of weeks ago and the noise cancellation on this thing is CARZY!! I’m super happy I bought these they are great for working out! All in all 9 out of 10.
Just got my new Soundtrue headphones. I have been putting them through their paces with different genres of music. Not only are they the most comfortable headphones I have ever owned but they are smooth as silk. I am very glad I purchased these and I highly recommend them.
The last pair of running earbuds I had finally died and their brand was discontinued. No other pairs have lived up until I found this one. I've had them for over a month and I LOVE THEM. They don't fall out, have great sound, and don't hurt my ears! I'm quite content!
Very good signal - walked around the house including a second floor: works everywhere! Little bit too tight, hope it'll get loose over time.
I brought this a month ago and it sounds great.firmware get updated itself so now i can use party mode.loved this feature.
Enamus katsetatud supparitest parem, v.a. Dynaudio SUB500. Üldiselt hea aga natuke jääb puudu  Benno
You can't beat the price! I bought this speaker about a month ago and this sound is amazing, Great Bass and very easy to carry with you. It comes with a case and cable to charge right back up.
JBL Charge 2+ not only delivers the great bass and loudness I was looking for, it also has a great mic so now I use it for all my work conference calls. I've tried other bluetooth speakers with mic's and have NOT had good results. This little guy does that job really well.
I bought this speaker off of Good Morning America's deals and steals, for my dad for Christmas. I can't rate the battery life as I don't own it but the sound quality is awesome. I have 2 On-Stages and my car came with the JBL sound system. To say I love your products is an understatement!
This product performs as I had hoped. I like the waterproof feature. My old JBL Charge however, quit operating after 3.5 years though it was used very little and cared for regularly. Hopefully this unit will last longer.
I wish it had more control like rewind and fast-forward and an auxiliary input wouldn't be bad but other than that I love it
I have had this almost 1 year. I am now thinking of putting a gain knob on it so I can adjust on the go. It does not appear I can though. Is there any port for a jbl specific controller?
Quality to price is unbeatable. Would love more wireless controls for skipping tracks and a travel case. Other than that... Better than my Beats Solos.
I've always known Bose is the best for sound but this is my 1rst Bose sound output. I did have to call for help once but otherwise i was able to figure it out myself. I absolutely love my Bose Soundbar 300. I did get the Bass Module and 2 rear speakers as well.
Bought these 2 weeks ago and happy I did. Great deep sounds and the bt works for a pretty good distance.
Great sounding speakers.  These Atrium45 speakers sound terrific and look great.  They really do outperform the Bose outdoor speakers which cost twice as much.  I would not usually write a review like this, but these speakers deserve the praise.
I'm owning Bose headphones for The Last 5 Years and now again with this qc35 version 2 Bose did a great job very comfortable headphones and very amazing sound
It has amazing sound in a small package. It is easy for travel, lake, parties. It sounds incredible. Not a bad price either.
The sound from my new Rumble is really surprising. I had a feeling when I ordered it that it would be pretty good just because of the JBL name, but it surpassed my expectations. The bass is strong, the highs are clean, and the midrange is true. Love this new addition to my home.
These are very good speakers very crisp and handle power well I read keep reading reviews about distortion and people need to know speakers don't distort Amps do. If your having distortion with these speakers you need a better amp.
The ATM650 is my favorite for close mic-ing guitar cabs, and its killer aimed down at the head of a conga drum.. Want real impact from the snare in your live mix, use the ATM650 on the under side...
After failing to find an alternate stand that would fit, bought these and was not disappointed. Very simple and easy installation, sturdy and nice black matte finish.
As one of my Christmas presents I was given this speaker and and out of the box,  it was very easy to set up. The sound is great, as are my other Bose speakers on my surround system.
I bought this a month ago and it works amazing the best speaker in the market I would say. It is worth every single penny. I wouldn’t recommend connecting two devices at the same time to the speaker it creates a little lagging
how do you know? the damn thing aint even on the market. please do not pay attenuation to my rating or language
Thse sound fantastic at the price point. We've had nothing but happy clients when we have installed systems with these speakers.
It took Harman three weeks to ship this speaker once ordered.  Great speaker but terrible supply line ops!  If you try to track your order, good luck.  The customer service reps in Asia have no idea what's going on other than it's "being prepared for shipment".
I had the soundlink color and just upgraded to the revolve. The sound quality is absolutely amazing. Bose quality is unbeatable.
For the money very good sounding speaker I listen to these in a 2channel setup very musical and the voice quality is neutral equipment carver preamp,poweramp,sony es cd an bluray,sony turnable.
Didn't think i would like these round my ears but they are so comfy you forget about them. They don't fall out like the others i have and have been very pleasantly surprised. Perfect for the treadmill.
I bought it a month ago with a good deal $17.99.  It's performance and features are beyond my expectation.  I highly recommend it.
DAXQg4  <a href="http://xmfqhwztzktt.com/">xmfqhwztzktt</a>, [url=http://mmspcfbwnioj.com/]mmspcfbwnioj[/url], [link=http://gadxynzoclml.com/]gadxynzoclml[/link], http://lqoqziqwwwja.com/
I bought my Bose n due to constant use, they were looking tarted and they replaced them for free.  It was so easy I could not believe.
I have been a fan of JBL speakers for almost 30 years. JBL quality and sound is what all others should be judged by. Every JBL product that I have been great sounding. The JBL go is no exception. It has GREAT SOUND for such a small package.
I just like JBL's combination of bass, mids and highs, it has the best balance for me. I like that it has more bass than Harman Kardon and lots of other speakers. You have to listen to it in a store to make the right decision.
i have been using this for a couple of weeks now. I find the product very easy to use, light and easy to move room to room. Very stylish product. When playing the music it is very clear, from the highs to lows every single note is produced in clarity. Really dont have a bad word to say about it!!
Just using it for a radio in my garage running 2 small Advent speakers Sounds good plenty of power.
I purchaced this product from Radio shack last Saturday april 12th. It was a toss up between this product and another product,but what i was looking for was something portable and has good sound tones and range,well this one delivered because it was portable.
i bought it for travelling because the headset is so easy to pack and its comfortable. Also its a good headphones under $100 with a top class sound.
I bought five pairs pairs of these for fifty dollars. Got them on sale and it was totally worth it absolutely amazing deal great quality headphones for a great quality price.
Bought them a year ago or more when they first released. All the bugs have been worked out. Sound is amazing! Always was! BOSE sound is the best sound.
Finally moved up to Bose after three other purchases of NC headphones over the years. Best sound and comfort by far!  Wireless/Bluetooth works well. Watch out for the charging cord...it is really short and may not be practical for some users (like me). Can Bose make that cord a little longer?
I bought this one week ago, and I got so happy because its awesome. But, I frequently have problems with the left side. The sound get lost sometimes. I would like to know how I can solve this problem.
I put these in as replacements for my wife's 2002 Saturn SL2 OEM speakers.  The difference was like night and day.  The sound actually fills the car now with great clarity and presence.   It was such an improvement my daughter had them installed in her 1999 Saturn.   Polk got it right with these!
I got this as a gift, at first i was a little bit skeptic because I have a windows phone and I though that blue tooth pairing would not work. But my surprise was that it worked like a charm. This is a must have product.
I love this little speaker! It has plenty of volume and I am amazed at how long the charge holds up. Works so much better than any I have tried before.
I bought the about a month ago and I am very happy with them.  The sound is so much better than my old headphones.
Pros: Good sound Lightweight Cost effective The lack of noise cancellation makes it good for running  Cons: No volume control Uncomfortable if you wearing them for a long time
got this package bundle today and i'm really over the moon i got it cheaper at my bose local store.highly recommended best sound quality etc! really worth the price.weeeee
This is a great product, strong bass, comfortable than the average in-ear headphones, the price is reasonable!
This is easy to use and works great. Like that I can hear it over the radio playing. Nice that I can take it from car to car.
I generally stayed away from this style of headphones because I could never get them to stay in my ears but the twist feature really keeps them in place and the sound was a nice surprise too. Couldn't beat the price. I ordered several more pair and would recommend them.
I’ve noticed a little of of connectivity issues with the studio as it will cut on when their is very low noise on the tv. Beyond that this sound bar was totally worth the price, the sounds are exquisite and it pumps out some great sound!
Pros - durable, excellent sound, good bass without sub, no sub means better portable, less wires, simple connection to any Aux  As long as you keep your computer/tv volume high the power saving feature will not trouble you. Not a big deal considering all the pros.
Great speaker, Great sound, puts out amazing sound for its size.  It replaced my old charge which was a fantastic speaker I had owned for years.  Surprised at how much bigger this new one is, doesn't fit in my cup holder like old one did.
just upgraded from dxi460 I enjoyed the so much I just had to purchase these I KNOW that I will get my money out of these
These earbuds have amazing sound! I love their durable build, flat cords, and comfortable earpieces. I wish the mic was a little better on it for phone calls but it still works fine. It is just a little crackly with a some background noise for the person on the other end.
I bought a pair of these a month ago and I found these to be very good in sound quality and features for the price. It occasionally drops the signal from my phone, but that's it, it lasts 9-10 hrs per charge
Attached to Samsung TV with optical connection, it produces good sound.  Issues is with remote connectivity to TV, DVD, ROKU.  Not consistant in command response.  Finding still need TV and other device(s) remote.  It can be flustrating.
I also own an Onyx  two but if you are looking for a more powerful output give this a try it's worth it. I wish HK would offer a hub like device MIDI  that will let you connect your speaker and play stereo.
I have had mine for about a week and it is fantastic.  I wish I had bought two of them.  The sound quality is absolutely great.  It works great on my boat.
This is the best sound bar you will ever own! Super easy to set up and the sound is super crisp. The remote control is easy to get used to. I run Direct tv, blu ray, Wii, Xbox and PS4. The subwoofer really makes movies come alive with room shaking sound!
Best value for money in the price range compared to other BT speakers. It is able to distill different sounds well at max volume.
An excellent looking and sounding speaker. It is very large and was obviously meant for bigger rooms. The sound is clearer and more defined than all of my local cinemas. You will not go wrong nuying these as they are the cream of the crop in mid to entry level Polks!
Have had these headphones for 6 months now and they are great! Perfect, crisp sound quality wherever I am :)
Very nice looking speaker for my boats tower encloser.  The sound great with no sound quality issues untill I run out of amp.  I would highly recommend to anyone wanting to impress.
I was looking for a pair of decent IEMs that I can leave at the office for listening while I work and these were a good choice for that.  These sound a little warmer than my higher end headphones but the sound is very good for the price.  They're comfortable and fit snuggly for good isolation.
The QC25 is an excellent headphone for anyone looking for a noise cancellation headphones. I was not looking for a noise cancellation but having it was an added advantage. The sound quality is AWESOME!!! No doubt..  I have it for more than a month now and till now there is no issues.
I bought this a month back and using it regularly, the sound quality is excellent. The is little heavy but after getting used to it I have not felt anything. Overall great product.
Got this for Christmas this year! I'm so impressed with it. The speaker looks good! It was so simple to connect to my phone. The sound is amazing, I was worried it might sound 'tinny' but it's very good quality sound!
It is the best radio ever. My husband got for me years ago and the only thing I have had to replace in the past 8 years is the remote. Listening to it now. : )
I really love this speaker and its capabilities. Unfortunately I have an android phone and can't use the app. 
I bought this sub to add to another sub i have to my surprise i didnt need the other sub i can just have the jbl alone with my souns system,unbelievable the sound that comes out this sub makes my walls vibrate.
i am using this product for past 6 month with out any issue. suddenly the left side headset having very low volume.. How can i fix this ??
I bought the SurroundBar 2/14/07 I've watched about a dozen movies, several music DVD's and I am very happy with my purchase. My system is a Panasonic Plazma 42' Onkyo reciever and a Polk 450 Sub. Thanks Polk Audio for making such a fine product.
I bought this for my 2006 tundra limited because it has limited space for a sub. The subwoofer makes an insane amount of bass for its tiny size. Highly recommend
I have these speakers and they are incredible!  Then you look at the price tag and they are even better!
I recently purchased the sound touch 300 complete system (subwoofer, mini speakers). In one word AWESOME... It took me about an hour to set it up. I played my PS3 on it. The sounds from the game are amazing. Buy it you won't be sorry.
Fantastic works for exactly what I needed it for - speaker for the bathroom.  Wanted something to listen to audiobooks while in the bathtub.  It is perfect.
I got this for Christmas! Excellent present due to the fact the sound from this small, durable speaker is most wonderful. Playing through my Spotify playlists was a dream. Buy and enjoy, your ears will thank you, your neighbours will not.
Purchased these headphones after being recommended by a friend. Purchased them just before I boarded a flight and charged them from the USB socket on the plane. Couldn't believe how well the noise cancelling worked and the fantastic quality of the sound. Thoroughly recommend. Well worth the cost.
I got the Bose Solo for Christmas from my wife it simply gives the best sound we have ever heard from a television (we have had 4 sound systems on different TV,S one was over £1000 and it doesn't come near the BOSE)Fantastic worth every penny
Had these for almost a year, sound quality is good and they fit real nice in my ear even when I'm running. I recommend them if they can be found on sale.
My son into nieces receive these in their stockings for Christmas and couldn't be happier ! It's been enjoyed while with us on long car rides, on the beach, etc. Great sound for a little speaker!
This is one of the best speaker (RM6200) and subwoofer (PSW250) combinations in this price range. The combination with the Onkyo Receiver 595 gives amazing sound from a number of sources including DVD. The sound is not shrill and bass can be adjusted as per the listener's liking.
Sound quality and comfort are best in class. Go to a bose store to test before buying, you will buy them. As for the case I see it as a fit for purpose item that is by no means a consideration in purchasing. Don't understand the level of concern expressed by other poster. I won't even use the case.
I hate anything on or in my ears hence the SoundWear Companion speaker is ideal for me and the sound quality is astounding.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS LITTLE BOX SOUNDS SO LOUD.  I GOT IT ON SALE BUT I WOULD BUY ANOTHER AT THE REGULAR PRICE.  IT'S SO WORTH IT.
Was looking for a great set of wireless headphones.  Knowing JBL is a great product without the high ticket price,  I took a chance on these wireless headsets.  These are a great set of headphones. Also the sound quality is awesome and connecting to wireless product such as iPhone is very easy.
Definitely worth the price. It's really light in weight. The sound is good for its price. It's slightly uncomfortable in the ears when you use it too long (or I'm just really not used to wearing headphones).
I have had Bose 901s since 1988, and 501s before those. I currently use a pair of Bose cubes as ‘rear’ speakers in my movie set-up—now my bathroom is also ‘Bose Territory!’ Does life get any better than that, eh?
Although I understand they don't make this item any longer, it's a shame. After I bought the first one, I was so impressed I bought another one to use out on my patio. Great, great little speaker with good sounds! Price was good too through Amazon.
Not only do they stay in place like glue, but the bluetooth connectivity is locked on! Nothing's worse than disconnecting from bluetooth in the middle of something, never had a problem with the Under Armour Sport Wireless yet!
Bought as a gift to warm my daughter's office with background music.  Great price, great look, great size, great sound.
I paired the Bass Module 700 with the Soundbar 700. I have been using for about two weeks now. I really enjoy the strong Bass of movies and music. With wireless connectivitly
I've used many speakers at the beach but this one is the clear best. The battery life, vivid sound, and waterproofing make this a clear winner. I recommend it to all of my friends
I listened to many mini-towers and found these speakers to be an outstanding value. After pairing with the CSi40 & PSW650, I hear things in music that I did not know exist. The midrange performance from these is really good. They will sound overworked without a subwoofer.
When I out USB charger in the red light come on then it goes straight off with in a few seconds been this way for two days still no charge
I have been using Pro 3 for almost 30 years. I am so happy to get same spec. replacement with more crispy sound.
these are my first polk subs ever and i love them the hit harder then my kicker cvr 12s will put them up any subs out there
This speaker has amazing sound the clarity is awesome the price was a little steep but it was well worth it and I just bought it a month ago amazing product
I've had the jbl go for about three weeks now and it is more than what I hoped for. It sounds really good for a little speaker. Thanks JBL for the fast shipping and good prices
I bought this two years ago and have used it everyday when watching , Netflix and listening to iTunes music. Perfect sound output especially the base sound.  and good design as well as easy to use. Love it and would recommend everyone to buy it.
This was the easiest set up ever. Then the sound that came from the bar and the sub was just AWESOME! I'm really happy with this purchase and so will you.
Man, my street cred has been waning recently. A pair of these Quincy Editions would put be "back on the block--OG with the most.
I was looking at the infinitys, and im not sure how good they were, but im pretty happy with the polks, the sub is bad, but you can always get a new one
I bought this last week and very satisfied with the purchase. Great sound quality, easy to carry and clean design. Two thumbs up!
They should cost a lot more, they are really good, they feel stronger than my AKG Y50 paid 80 euros!
Sound is the best from these types of headphones, clear base, very comfortable, price is fair for the quality! I didn't rate durability because I just got them.
This thing packs a punch! I got one for myself and my boyfriend and we both love this little speaker so much. My boyfriend says he uses his for a few hours everyday and holds its charge well. The sound is so loud and clear and I got 2 on sale so I couldn't be happier!
I really like these. For the money they produce astounding sound. They will never compare to my Beyerdynamic or Sennheiser corded headphones but that's like comparing, well, you know. Anyway, buy a pair for knocking around. You won't be disappointed.
I received as a gift.    Firs well.  occasionally doesnt seat correctly for recharging.   I wish there were options for sounds
First impressions are very favourable. Received 2 weeks ago to review, and found it easy to set up. Very small and compact, great design. Great sound from such a small speaker, as with all Bose products. Handy hook to fasten onto belt/bag etc.
Awesome product, you can experience surround like sound with one speaker and excellent quality listening music. YOU NEED A BASS MODULE
Like the tittle says they're awesome, my only gripe is, I hate how they off if the right side is not in my or open. Is there anyways to fix this?
Got this as a gift for my Birthday & I absolutely love it. So for Christmas I bought two of them as gifts & they r also excited about the item. Great product for its price.
It sounds great. It light and comfortable. It really cancels out the outside noise. Love that it is wireless and weightless.
K518 DJ HeadPhone is very good in quality and i suggest everybody to but AKG Headphones because AKG gives quality of service and i have 3 words for AKG is AKG is power of sound.
Recently purchased from the website. Received in just a few days. Awesome sound! You would think that you have fullsize headphones.
I bought these speakers 2 weeks ago, great sound. You can hear all the details in the music. All frequencies are there specially the midrange.
Bought this as a refurb -- couldn't be happier withe the sound, aesthetic, and price. This unit provides a very full sound without adding too much bass or being too weak and tinny like some other portable speakers are. Has a very mid century modern look which my wife loves. Good job hk
this product is the reason i sleep at night. i don't hear the THUMP, THUMP, THUMP..... i put these and abosulute silence.... just flip that button and ..........
This device is easy to use via bluetooth or stereo mini with one button controls. The sound quality is crystal clear and outperforms its more expensive competitors anyway.. aghhhummm the Beats Pill.  You will not regret this purchase.
STRENGTHS: Awesome tower speaker. One of the best in the price range. The heavy MDF cabinet blocks all colorization of sound. Direct radiated sound projects very clearly and smoothly to front. High quality fit, finish, floor spikes and dual biwireable 5-way posts included.
I've both the first two soundlinks and they are very good but this one beats all of them by 110%. I love the way it sounds especially because it a 360 sound. It's got a very good mixture of bass and treble. It sound amazing.
So good iv bought 2 Extremes... Now if youve heard one... You Know how Sweet they play... The Link Feature is Amazing and DOUBLE the Sound quality
I bought these for surround speakers to use with JBL LSR 308’s in front. They match up very well and create a good surround field. Also the shallow depth keeps them from being too intrusive in the room.
Just got my speaker today and I already love it.The advertisement the box portrays is perfect. this is also the most clear speaker I've ever owned.JBL I can't wait to see what you guys come up with next because i will definitely be interested. Good job with this product it's flawless.
Love listening to my audibles and music when I run on these, however, the microphone when used for phone calls does not work too well. I can hear others well but they don't hear me clearly.
I bought this about a year ago and it still sounds great and is still my favorite speaker even over the flip 3 that I also own
some of the best 6x9's ive ever heard hooked up to an amp....very impressed....my pioneer 4x6's cant be heard up front anymore...those are getting switched out too now....
Great System!!! I'm so so happy with this tremendous sound!!! I'll never need cinema to enjoy sound again!!!
I installed 3 LC265i in wall speakers with enclosures during construction, and have now had them 2 years. They surround my 50 inch plasma. Overall we are very happy with the system. I have 4 large inwall speakers in the ceiling to complete the 7.1 system.  My house is popular during the play offs.
Quick to charge and connect with my phone.  Clip broke pretty quickly but was able to order more.  Very comfortable!
Overall, good clean sound with pleanty of bass for an affordable price if you are looking for entry level surround sound.
I have bought this because I was tired of buying Headphones that wouldn't work and this are the perfect ones I love them
These are great headphones delivering quality sound and stable connection.  Downside if you lose a bud you have to purchase a new set altogether
I purchased this system it first came out. I actually ended up purchasing another. It is super easy to use, the set up is easy as well and the sound is great!!
Stumbled on this during my trip to dessert hill premium outlet.  Blown away with the audio quality, how discreet it could be to outside of my ears and it looks just like any ordinary sunglass without looking like robocop!
I have this a single 10 with 350 watts going to it and it hits pretty good. Its not the loudest out there, but for the money its a great sub and sounds good.
And a design belonging in an art museum. I've wanted these speakers since they were introduced back in the G4 Cude days. They sound amazing, look amazing, and make my friends jealous, and really isn't that what it's all about.
Great speaker.  Does very well with all types of music and as fronts in a home theater set-up.  Sound from the RTi8's approach that of live music.  A good subwoofer (like the ps404) adds LFE (low frequency effect) that I absolutely need for movies and deeper bass-intensive music.
Had these for a few months now, they were pricey but boy o boy they are worth every penny. The sound quality is second to none, East Bluetooth hook up to all my Apple items.
Running these on a Denon 3313 with a Polk PSW505  sub-woofer and Polk CSi5 Center channel. In one word, the sound is...AMAZING! My advice, don't skimp on the center channel and get the sub-woofer.
I purchased the speaker a few weeks ago. I wanted something small for my desk at work. This is perfect. The sound is great.
Bought it 2 years ago. Undoubtedly the best purchase I made! I've paired it with Acoustimass Bass 300 and my home sound like a theater.
I was very satisfied with the complete package.  The center and sats. and sub are accurate with a good punch.  Does all the things a hand picked surround set can do without the hassle.  I can't imagine there are many equals or superiors to this set other than their more expensive counterparts.
It's the best Noise canceling headset money can buy, although I prefer a coiled cord for use in the helicopter, also the bluetooth doesn't play audio with certain smart phones,
The 2 pairs of db1001 tweeters are an awesome addition to my Polk 6 x 9s (back) and my Polk 6.5s (front) in my 95 Mustang.  Simply clear, authentic, true sound.  Unbelievable.
Just out the box and they sound great but I do believe the people who have had serious issues with them as I had the older acoustic 15 headset and one cup has failed after a year and for the expensive price I paid that should not happen.
I won my Mini speaker at a work related function. I'm familiar with the Boss product.  The sound with this Mini Speaker is powerful. I love it.
We have the flip 2 (I got it for my birthday 2 years ago and really haven't seen it much since.) My husband stole it back. So when I found these on sale for 69.99 @ NFM I bought one in MY favorite color. It is even better than the first one. You won't be disappointed.
I was hesitant to get another Bluetooth set of headphones because my previous set from another brand had a connections issue. But these connect instantly and sound great!
This product is much better compared with the original one. Much better sounds quality and I am pretty sure the THD+ N level is much less than the original one. I am kinda impressive about this design. Good job.
Got to say these are the best headphones that’s ever been on the high street !!!! The sound and settings are outstanding!!! Bose is the best product and would never buy any other music or sound product !!!! Love love love bose
Love it its just the right size too bring every where you want good loud tunes! Love the case to carry it in, the bright yellow color and crisp clear sound it projects !  Love my Flip 2
Ive owned these headphones since a week after they first came out, and they have been incredible from day 1, they still never cease to amaze me. they look great, feel great, and sound great.
I've had this product for a month. And I use it every day I love it I recommend this to anyone who wants to buy it
Nice constructions and quality, stylish product. Works fine with iPhone and Nokia devices. Plugs in to Surface Pro 4 but doesn't work. Not sure why.
I have had my Charge 4 since Black Friday and am truly impressed with the sound quality. I have paired it with my Flip 4's and it really fills any room with incredible sound quality.
Just like another poster - the cord doesn't stay connected. I have to keep pushing it in - and I'm not moving around very much. But, the sound is awesome! I have had 3 bose headphones including my new pair and I wish they had the old connector. But, I'd buy them again for the sound.
I love the sound for a small device it pumps loud it’s the Best Buy I’m very impressed and can’t wait to take it on my holidays to create my own mini rave
The unit I bought was a refurbished unit.  It works great, has great sound, seems to be sealed very good so we can use it on our boat.  The only negative I have seen is that the battery only last about 3 hours so we always make sure we have the charger close by.
Completes the set of JBL Studio 1 series I have in my bedroom surround system. The complete series sounds great in my room.
It definately puts my old center to shame.  I don't have to turn it up as much as I used to.  Sounds great with movies, or music!!!  Will definately stick w/Polk Audio!!
Great sound at a great price. Has a very nice design that perfectly matches my plasma tv. Love the option of the stands because I don't like hanging things.
I've had mine for a few years and they are awesome! They fit perfectly in my ears and never fall off. They are super comfortable... best earphones out there!
This is just a great little speaker. I can take it in the pool with me and connect it right to my phone. Comes in different colors and sounds snazzy. It's super small too so you can just toss it right in your bag and take it anywhere. I'd recommend it.
I bought these a month ago to complete my 7.2ch Sony STR-DN1050 capability. I have them setup as my front high surrounds. They rise to the o
I bought a Bose Solo II sound deck off of eBay without a remote and found that it was cheaper to buy this remote here than off of eBay. It arrived quickly, and it was just what I needed to get the unit up and running in no time.
I tried the beats by Dre & Returned them & ones I put these on Forgetaboutit !! The sounds fantastic & the noise cancellation is great.I love them !!!
Excellent very easy to install and the volume is crystal clear. I would recommend the Bose Solo system to anyone who needs clarity of sound
This speaker is truly amazing. Sounds great, looks good, very easy intallation. Would definately recommend to anyone who can't have rear speakers or it's too much of a hassle to install rear speakers. This is so much easier. A+.
pushing a Jbl 12' at 2 ohm since december last year and still sound like the first day of the installing just a wonderful it's a must have amp...
I baught my set about 14 years ago and they've put up with a lot . Thats why I gave them 5 stars and the only down side is the powered sub at the time didn't have a gain control like it does now . Great beginner set .
I just purchased my third Sound Link. Every time I bring on home and play my music on it somebody "borrows" it. So I go get another one. Great sound from this speaker. The best  sound in the price range and it's waterproof !
These are very comfortable and have a great sound. I usually spend 45 minutes to hour at the gym each time and they stay in place the entire time!
I have tried a lot of blue tooth headsets with ear buds, but these have more bass and richer sound than any I have experienced. Also have several different fit and comfort options.
Bought this for Christmas for my husband. It's very small but the sound is big, so easy to take wherever he want to use it.
Got it, and don't regret a second of getting it. Excellent comfort, sound and build quality. Cable need improvement but its my favorite headphones i've used so far.
Bought this for my sons birthday. Computer Science Major graduating this weekend. Had to give it early because I could not wait to hear it. We were not disappointed in any way. The style is evoking, sound is amazing and worth many more $$ than what we paid
I really like the one wire connection and the way I can get rid of all my controllers. it took alittle while to program, instructions were not great, however we are all setup now. I wish it had one think though an output jack for earphone or external wireless speaker.
I have scoured the internet looking for a replacement sub-woofer and I found this complete set cheaper then just replacing one speaker. The set looks brand new and I could not be happier, thank you Harman!
I compared it to the much expensive speakers from the competition (~200$ price range), and that is simply amazing! Good sound, also with high volume, good bass, high portability. Mic is really handy when answering a call during a relaxing bath. Recommended.
d isc cd (blinking) display on both manual and remote....does not play CD. all other functions work fine. Any suggestions?
Basically, it is a very good one, but is there micphone? can I use it as speaker. I did not try it yet.
I got it for my birthday and I haven't put it down since!!! It goes everywhere I go and I am outside most of the day!!! I love it!!!
I bought these over the summer as replacements to my blown stock speakers, was very impressed. I eventually bought a jbl 4 channel amp and they sounded even better! VERY LOUD AND CRISP SOUND. anyone who buys there will not be dissapointed
I bought this speaker for my father. He hasn't used it much probably because I use it so much I use it to listen to podcasts in places my phone is too quite. Works great and is simple
I Brought this speaker a little over a week ago I played it at a family gathering on last Sunday And Everybody There wanted to know where I got it from They were so Amazed at the Sound Quality they came from such a small speaker Well Done Bose You Just out did yourself in the year of 2017
I needed a speaker to bring to the beach and I didnt want to buy anything crazy expensive and Ive always knew that JBL has awesome speakers. This little gem is small but loud and sounds amazing! Best investment ever! And it came in my favorite color pink.
I saw this on QVC and couldn't believe the price. I had to order it was too good to pass up. I love the Bose Wave Radio IV.
I bought this a few months ago and have been thrilled!  Music is fantastic and actually makes me want to work out harder!
I love this headphones ! This is my first purchase with JBL. Powerful Bass and beautifully build. Only con. is It doesn't show battery status. Neither in smart phone nor in decive.
vlTzuV  <a href="http://kcqtllyuextl.com/">kcqtllyuextl</a>, [url=http://ivbcgattazdk.com/]ivbcgattazdk[/url], [link=http://bwsgerdmnavw.com/]bwsgerdmnavw[/link], http://eppvikkroauy.com/
Just buy it you will love it.I combined it with PANDORA ONE 3.50 charge a month.The sound ist great It"s call 4.0 it" great.
Well made headphones for the price. Excellent bass. Easy to set up. Lovely red color. JBL is da bomb!
I bought this st Bedt Buy my gir friend had one I tried it and it is great easy to set up must charge battery before attempting to set up works great worth every cent
The sound is crisp and beautiful, the bass is just right not too over the top. Everything about these headphones is a perfect level spectrum of sound and detail. Don't stray too far from the wireless device you are connected to.
These speakers really rock!, outstanding BASS I'm using a Harman Kardon AVR 520, and a Carver TFM-25 they sound great with either amp. I highly recommend these speaker if you like quality sound. Great voice (midrange) excellent highs, Bass you lokk at then tell me. -JR-
it is kinda small that it is really portable and the sound quality is really great for this price, will definitely recommend to my friends.
I bought these to match my old Polk DX component up front. They do not. They are better? Tighter base ,of course they are 5.25". Clearer mids and cleaner highs. Seem to be more efficiant. Seem to have very accurate reproduction.
Jbl link 20 has exceptional sound quality.The Google assistance features are great. Its the perfect portatable entertainment center the sleek design,great battery life and features you can take anywhere i love that its water proof. The best portable speaker I have owned
I just bought this case a few weeks ago so that I could safely take my Pulse 2 on vacation. It was shipped and delivered quickly, and the price was fair. I love it!
Just upgraded to these from the Monitor 40s.  I was looking for a better bass response with my 2-channel system and got it with these.  No complaints here as they sound just as good as speakers twice the price.
Bought this a couple of days back and it so amazing, get used in our living room for music, movies and kids playing PS4 so getting used most of the day and the sound is brilliant...
It has great features however $149.99 is too much for the price.  I wish they will reduce the price or offer better sales.
I purchased it a Few month ago and the sound quality is great.  I took it to an outdoor get together a few weeks ago and all my friends and neighbors were floored by the sound quality og this device.
I just got it in the mail today, and it is awesome. It has a very clean and good beat; the sound doesn't have a strong bass, but I honestly don't care. As long as it has clean sounds and good bass, I'm fine with it.
I can't say enough about this center speaker from Polk.  It's clarity and dispersion from SACD's are amazing!  I also view alot of DVD's and dialogue and background music rocks!  Polk has made a high quaility center speaker.
These headphones are honestly brilliant. Amazing sound quality and by far the most comfortable pair of headphones on the market. I once used them for 12 hours straight with no problems whatsoever. Would recommend these to anyone.
There was one of these at the vacation home I rented this summer. I used it a LOT. Simple, no-nonsense blue tooth speaker with wonderful base. Sounds like a bigger speaker than it is. I particularly like the "powering up!" sound file it plays.
These headphones are great and the bass is comparable to my beats, however, the buds are a little too big and sometimes fall out of my ear. But this is only a minor problem because the sound is AWESOME!
The Studio LC-2 gives you superb sound quality not only with film soundtracks, but with Super Audio Compact Discs as well. You won´t believe what you are listening to.
ive had mine for almost a year now and i still love it as much as the day i got it, great sound and easy to use!
I got these to listen to WJR game as the Spartans played them. As the game came to the end and MSU won the crying was so loud I put the Bose earphones on and they blocked out all the crying. They blocked out 100,000 crying fans out.
I bought 2 days ago overall good/ excellent sound but bose fix an issue with that when you ask ask alexa to play music on spotufy without using the bose music it definitely doent work, i dont know why? You need to open bose music app to play music on spotify.......
I actually bought this a week and a half ago and I'm soooo happy I did, because now I can blast music in my room & not hear the music from outside of my room. Before with my other speaker I could hear the music from outside good thing that's not the case with my JBL FLIP 3 great job guys
I bought this speaker a day ago and I've already used it for countless hours it's great for outdoors rooms and party's  wherever the speaker is it's always a party... best purchase I've ever made
I just bout it and the sound qulity is truly stunning. I cant stop listening to it. And it's only $99!!!!!!!!!!!
Really good fit in the ears and good bass. The wireless flexibility is really useful while using it in the gym. Taking calls is easy and the mic works well. It was really easy to set up using the bose connect app. The battery lasts a good 5-6 hours for me and the charging case is a good utility.
i have been using the flip 2 sounds great so i picked up the lastest one Flip4 the sound that comes out of it great fills the room and has a larger battery from the first one i have. worth the money spent
The headphones have great sound considering their size.   However I often cut grass and leave my Iphone on the porch when streaming WIFI data.   I noticed these dropped out when I did certain movements within their operating range,  unlike my over the ear headphones that I have from Bose.
Recently got my first Bose wave radio with CD player and absolutely love it. its operation is really easy reception is fantastic sound quality is unsurpassed
It sounds better than I expected.  It's compact yet has big sound.  I was surprised by how clean it sounded.  Although it is a small speaker, it tends to "break" with the lows, which is expected.  Overall, definitely recommend this bluetooth speaker for any use, in and around water or not.
Glad this is my first headphone ever, if you are in a place with all top of the shelf headphones available give it a try and your music expectations will never be same!
Saw the Bose booth at the NFL Experience in San Francisco. I ordered these the next day!! Easy set up and they sound great. Cannot wait when Bose comes out with wireless noise cancelation headphones. These are great for now!! Thank you Bose and thank you for being an NFL Sponsor!!
I just bought this speaker and I couldn't wait to try it out. Exceeded my expectations easily, with good sound quality and awesome bass. Used it in the shower, can confirm that it is waterproof. The app is also great, and being able to use Siri was really awesome.
Este nene es peque?o pero retumba. Desajusto todas las ventanas de mi casa. Da un sonido seco,profundo y bajo.perfecto
Easy to use. HI-Quality sound with extra bass. Crystal clear sound. Comfortable to use. Noise canceling.
Sounds great and well worth every penny. i have it intergrated with the tsi 100 rears and tsi200 fronts. i have it all powered by the denon 591 600 watts 5.1. but u are able to do 7.1 with this denon so i can wait to get more tsi100 to use as 2nd rear set of speakers.
I bought this for my wife and after using it I'm getting one for me. nice and loud. seems like it should be durable. well made.
THIS IS THE BEST CENTER CHANNEL EVER! We bought this new when it first came out, back in june of 1994! We have been in love with the sound still today, nothing compares!  Still going strong and without a problem!!
Outstanding bass and mids and highs. Light wright and comfortable and don't make my ears sweat like my over the ear bose Quiet Comfort headphones do. Make and take phone calls listwn to music and enjoy a really great sound I didn't expect from an on ear  design.
I bought this speaker for my tablet and listing to music at work . Awesome little speaker for performance and price point . Bought this speaker on sale from jbl for $19.95 free two day shipping. Will buy several for friends and family for Christmas .
Versatile fit. Great sound. Good value. Although I have not had them long, the combined features and cost make these Bluetooth ear buds a great buy. I can't wait for the spring to really test them on a long bike ride.
I am so happy with my small speaker. I can take it anywhere. Load and clear sound. Wish I could find more for only $20.00!..
My husband bought me the Bose Soundlink Color speaker in mint. It has great sound; clear and loud. More bass than I was expecting, which is awesome! I am so happy with this speaker :). Custom carrying case is a must-have for travel and to and from work.
I have this subwoofer for more than 10 years and never failed me.  The bass is clear and will rock even your living room. It's a bargain for the price if you consider the quality.
Amazing sound for the price! I work in a loud laundry room and this speaker rules over all the noise.
Great concept, ordered the wrong size needed a small. Fits over the ear piece that comes with the Bluetooth and sounds really good.
Bought these babies about 3 days ago and have been enjoying the sound quality and comfort (to the point I forget I have them on). Sometimes I loose the connection on the left side of my ear but maybe that's my phone because at they seem fine. I do want to sun with them in the rain (can't wait)
I slept great alone but once I started to sleep with my girlfriend her sleep apnea and snoring would wake me up consistently. Now I will wake up here and there but get to sleep easily. Some of the sounds keep me up, but you’ll find your preference!! Incredible product though.
I found these at Walmart almost by accident. I would recommend these to any ardent audiophile looking for great sound at the price point. -- Ignore the naysayers.
Got these for a friend as birthday present and shes really happy with the fit, the sound and would definitely buy the bluetooth version.
Got this baby as my birthday Gift and i am loving it :)  ps - i am not able to get any pouch/cover for travel purpose online anywhere for thsi device, any suggestions ?
Quite reasonable sound quality for its size provided you don’t turn it up too loud. Some subtle feet to stop it rolling about would have been good. Hopefully it keeps working.
My brother got one 2 months ago ,And we used it at our family function. It was really easy to use and it kept us all together. So me and my son got one we use it every day!!
I added this speaker to replace a tiny center speaker. I've been replacing my speakers a little at a time, new JBL sub 1.5 years ago and JBL tower speakers a year ago. Adding the center channel speaker makes movies and music that much clearer. It was a great buy for a great price.
Since purchasing the unit we have notice the improved quality of sound as we are both in our 70th year
I have Bose speakers for my internet, and a Bose radio equipped with  CD , so you can guess I'm a great fan!  I only wish you have in mind to develop a telephone with Bose sound!!  That would go right into my Bucket List!
I use this every day. Easy to use, sounds great.  Easy to take where ever you go. Love it and am going to purchase another one so I can pair them.
Bought these for my grandson. He loves them!!! They have great sound. Great bass he says. The color is amazing!!
I'll simply say this. I lost mine. I dropped them at the airport. I'm probably buying a new pair. That should tell you all you need to know
Everything is great, except the fact that it took me like 2 hours and a lot of research to learn how to set it up. After those two hours, I can set it up anywhere, and it is actually simple
Got a SoundTouch 20 for my birthday and just love it. I can walk into the room and press one of the presets and my favourite internet radio station Adore Jazz place instantly.
Best Fathers Day gift.  My 2 girls bought me the Q25's 3 years ago.  They surprised me last week with the Q35's.  I all ready know how I feel about these.  Love them!
Purchased for children (maybe to loud for kids) blue and white, but very good sound compared to my E40BT. Yet to test durability as they are Christmas gifts, would have been great to have aux option (for in car connection). Great sound, good price.
I still need a small portable speaker and this JBL small square does the job. I am old school and still have small audio devices, such as portable CD player, small HF amateur radio, pocket SiriusXM radio,and iPod that need a boost in sound quality and volume.
Great sound reproduction from simple speeches to full orchestra to rock and everything inbetween ... plus the added benefit of bluetooth ... fantastic!
Great compact speaker with good sound quality. Doesn’t come with a mains lead though just a USB charger, fully waterproof and works well with the rest of the JBL range. Voice recognition is great and battery power good.
Would definitely recommend this one to  friend. I bought 2 of this already (black and grey) the other one as a gift to my brother. Easy to use, lightweight, immersive sound.
Comfortable. Stylish. Durable. Awesome. There is nothing wrong with these headphones. Also they come with Google Assistant?!?! Too good to be true.
The UA Sport Wireless train are a fantastic set of headphones and provided excellent sound. The materials definitely feel high quality and were comfortable to wear as well. Good base as well as midlevels and highs, a great pair for of headphones to use while working out.
Ok, it's not a home cinema system, but considering its a box that sits under the TV, the quality produced is excellent. Very pleased with the result.
I bought it 2 weeks back and I am enjoying it so far and liked it very much. Previous ones of other brands were not good. I am happy with this one.
Between the noise cancelling and sound quality these are the best headphones on the market hand down. Great design, great fell, great sound, Amazing!
Make sure you take approval from your neighbors before playing this beast. This is undoubtedly best in business!
I am very impressed with the Bose bass module 500. It works great with the Bose sound bar and helps give me surround sound with great quality. Its simple to hookup and operate.
Can't believe the quality vs the price. I use it with some desktop speakers for the best LYNC "speakerphone" I could imagine!
best sub woofer god has ever put on the planet!!! installed in a small ported box i have sales reps from other companies wondering where the 12' sub is. i laugh at them! the bass is so punchy and controlled.
I bought this speaker because I wanted to hear music in other parts of the house. I am pleasantly surprised about the quality of the sound and the range
I have been a big Bose Fan for years. When you listen to music you will hear instruments you never heard on regular head phones.  I absolutely recommend these to everyone.
I gave this a rating of 10 across the board because of size and sound this JBL Charge after listing to other brands for the price and size.And the time you have on a full charge with this will last as is said.
These are by far the best headphones I have ever purchased. Noise cancelling is brilliant - well worth the investment as I listen to audiobooks a lot.
This is my second pair; lost the first pair to forgetfulness... Sound is great, the shape stays put in your ear no matter what you are doing (often upside down under a car...) and they are definitely sweat proof.  I would get a third pair!  Connecting cord is heavy duty feel to it and durable.
One of the best subs out I was very happy with the way they sounded hooked to an 1000w amp clear clean bass. I recommend these
Added the sound bar and subwoofer to my flat screen; sounds so much better.  The sound quality is superb. JBL is the best.  Instructions to add the subwoofer were not included and I had to go to YouTube to see how to add it. Adding the subwoofer was easy; just needs better instructions.
Amazing sound. Love the base. Can use in the shower too. Not so big. Can easily fit in a bag. so so happy with it!!
This is the best bluetooth speaker ever! Always trust in bose no matter what people say:) Bose all the way !
I actually won this in a contest and I could not believe how fantastic this speaker is absolutely astounds and amazes myself and my friend in the fact that it's waterproof thank you JBL for allowing this product to be part of a contest in for myself being the recipient you you guys literally Rock
Got these as a birthday present and they are amazing, I use them all the time and never have any issues with them. They sit in my ears perfectly, the sound is great and battery lasts ages!
Bought the charge 2+ two months ago,but sound comes out only from one side of the speaker.Is it built like this or is there some defect in the speaker? Otherwise great sound,amazing speaker.
Love it. Fits great, has great overall sound. JBL just continues to impress me every time I get something from them.
I bought mine 3 days ago and listen to it on and off and haven't charged it yet and it still has battery life.  I love the sound it makes when it turns on, and the bass.  For anyone who loves top quality, this is the speaker for you.
The clarity to hear of every nuance is what this speaker delivers. There is not any detail that cannot be heard.  I am very happy with my purchase.
Working or hiking, the SoundSport wireless headphone have stayed in my ears and worked flawlessly.  I won’t miss of hassle of constantly having them falling out of my ear or being caught on something.
put this amp in my suburban with a pair of kicker subs this amp is the real goods sounds clean and pumps my 12's im sold great product
Ive had these for over a year and hooked to 100watts rms. They sound really good. I thought they'd be cheap junk and by no means are they.
For the money, I can't complain.  If I could complain, I would want a little more bass, but they have really clear vocals..
Bought these a couple years ago. I currently have 8 running my pool area, along with 4 of the outdoor 10in subs. They really do get loud! We have multiple pool parties every week and I always get compliments on my setup.
Definitivamente es un producto que cumple con todas las expectativas en calidad de sonido de alta fidelidad, dentro de una estructura inovadora, bajo un diseño elegante.  Es muy facil de instalar y nivelar los db, para un resultado optimo.
This is the best sound system ever. Did not realise how much we were missing sound wise when watching T.V. Brilliant.
Great sound. Volume fine. No problem pairing or connecting with my Ipod, Iphone, Ipad Air, Ipad Mini. Battery life good at least more than 6-7 hours.However, this fine product deserves a better bag.
I have only had the BB for a couple of weeks but it is fantastic, easy to use and has great sound, feels as loud as my mains powered Zep! I never write reviews but I had to! Go get your self one!!!!
I bought these 8 years ago.  I thought about upgrading to a newer "model" and put these in another room.  Once I did some research and listening tests, I realized that the Polks I  I already have are the best I could have.
So far, just awesome!! I did have some hesitancy when I opened the box and found only RCA connectors and not a single line-in that I had grown accustomed to with my old SW. But I went back to where I purchased it and they set me straight.
Just readin the reviews and they look good, and was wondering if this will be updated to also include Dolby Atmos?  I'm looking to hook up to a Sony A1 OLED.
I purchased this unit for a 5.1 surround system and it really fills in the lows very well. I do recommend setting the crossover of the sub and your receiver for best results. Really brings out the bass - and this comes from a bass guitar player.
Good sound, deep, and awesome. All Polks seem very excellent for jazz and pop music, I really love the detail. I always recomend polks to my palls. This subwoofer is very good for disco or something like fast and loud music as well, however it is best for jazz and pop.
I’ve had my speaker for a little bit now and I absolutely love it! The sound quality is phenomenal! It holds a charge for so long, I don’t ever have to worry about being connected to a charger! JBL always has quality products and this is just another example of their quality products!
I bought this as a speaker for the golf cart and for the pool. The sound is fantastic as are some of its features, like being able to be submerged and the device automatically shuts until it’s removed from water. Also really like the ability to put it with others who have the speaker.
I bought this speaker off Amazon for $116, and its small enough to bring it anywhere, and provide movie based sound. No more computer speakers. Thank you BOSE for providing a product that could provide me entertainment :)
It’s crazy how quickly I go to sleep. Really love these. Suggest using buds size slightly smaller than fitting perfectly, as give more room for you to move during the night.
Very versatile. Works well through the spectrum from light overdrive to moderate metal tone. I do wish the high gain was stronger, but I love the EQ and it's value as an overdrive mixed with my amp's high gain. GREAT pedal for it's price and a welcome addition to the collection.
All my friends are so jealous. They can't believe such a great sound can come from an invisible speaker, but it's true. Thanks Polk!
Bought to replace factory fitted Landrover Defender speakers. These offer much better quality of sound.
Pulse 2 is one of the best wireless speakers out there in the market. The light is really cool. If you use it at night at camps it's really cool. The sound is amazing and I never had any trouble with bluetooth connectivity. Also it's really light and strong.
Bought it a couple of years ago so it stands up well over time.  Only issue for me is a can't seem to find a way to switch it to Bluetooth remotely. Sucks having to walk to the unit and press the button to activate Bluetooth. Am I missing something?
I just finished installing one of these subs into the trunk of my Grand Am and it really kicks. This is the second subwoofer I have ever had my my car, but it kicks harder then the two 10"s MTX I had in it before. I'm using an Infinity amp(bridged) to power the sub.
I purchased a pair at Circuit City and was expecting no surprises as I use them as mains replacing a pair of Monitor30's.I am very happy with the change.Polk still rules!
Great sound and deep bass. I wear them daily, and they are very comfortable. They pair right away to my iphone, and just work. I like the fact that if necessary you can still hear some environmental sounds, which is helpful while biking.
a great piece of design; rugged, understated, ergonomic sound quality is very good with no substantive criticisms across a range of genres. and it's handily waterproof........
I bought this speaker about 3 weeks ago it is an outstanding little speaker good base for a small portable speaker very satisfied
I bought this product about 6 months ago !! I love it the speaker is loud and has some pretty awesome feature also it stays charged for a long time and has outstanding clear music!!
I love my wireless JBL's. Great sound, quality, sturdy, I can go on and on. They are the best and a great price.
I own these headphones for a month now and I am very pleased with its amazing sound quality. Once turned on, it connects to all paired devices under 5 seconds. Voice prompt that mentions battery percentage and connected devices is a nice feature. I woukd definitely recommend these headphones.
This is an AWASOME center channel. I got mine free with purchase of $499.00+ Purchase and this was a wise decision. Quality is shown with a solid cabnet, wolfer cones and tweeters that look and sound great. Polk quality is discribed as that. GOOD JOB!
This is a great speaker. Size / Sound Quality is best in class I think, and I checked a bunch of these speakers. Only thing I'm lacking is "triple tap" on the play button to take you back to the previous song (something available on a lot of bluetooth speakers/headphones).
These speakers are excellent.  Crystal clear highs, mids and lows.  Do not hesitate to buy, you will not be disappointed.
I love this headphones. I've owned a lot of BOSE Products and they have not disappoint me yet. I purchase one for myself and bought two extra to give to friends as a gift. Please don't change you technology because it is awesome as it is.
Find me another pair of bookshelf speakers that deliver the crisp and deep sound that these do, at the same price point!!!!!
I have had my JBL Flip for a couple of years.  I use it during workouts, while doing projects around the house.  I have used it outside and inside.  Bluetooth connection is easy.  Sound is great.
This is a great speaker for the price.  Very good bass response but I would say at higher volumes it really lacks treble.   You need a music player with an equaliser to correct this.  Very pleased with the speaker overall and would definitely recommend.
I picked these up on Boxing day Great sound clear crisp with a strong sound. If you want mid to deep base you need a woofer (which you should have anyway)  Great speaker would highly recomend
Really pleased with the quality of these headphones. Great looking and the sound quality is excellent, my son is over the moon with them.
This little speaker is very powerful and has great sound. I got it for my 17 year old nephew for a gift, and he absolutely loves it! It connects to his cell phone and also to Alexa. Don’t spend more on beats pills, this sounds much better and it’s waterproof.
Purchased two JBL 305P MKII studio monitors for a computer room studio, driven by external DAC and Amplifier with HI-RES flac wav source music files. I am really enjoying the outstanding high fidelity sound.
Overall a very solid speaker. Great components and solid construction allow it to make for great movie watching.  Also, somewhat smaller than some comparable sounding center channels which is definitely an advantage.  Great choice for only $200.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I like it. The only thing I didn’t like was when I opened it it was a little bit dirty but besides that it’s a good Bluetooth speaker.
Purchased a week ago and without a doubt it's made TV viewing a hundred fold more inclusive: only been watching the Australian Open tennis so far and it's terrific. Can't wait to use it with Netflix next week!
I'm just a day into using the Flip 2. Dirt easy setup. Syncs with no issues. Great and loud sound for such a small can.
I have had this system for just a few weeks, but I've already noticed an annoying feature. While watching TV or playing a DVD/Blu-Ray the sound will intermittently cut out for a split second. I have no idea why this happens, or how to fix it, but it's extremely annoying.
I bought these for my husband's computer and he loves them. He wanted some for Christmas and almost bought himself another brand. He is glad that he didn't.
Really easy to use and the beauty of it is you can take it anywhere easily and even though it's compact - the sound when I turned it up full blast was insane!
I bought this system a few days ago and the install was very easy. The best part is when I turned on the system and all I said was WOW! What sound comes out of this small unit and not to forget the deeeeeep sounds that comes from the Subwoofer. Amazing!
Fantastic sound quality. This product will ensure you never need another speaker attached to your TV again. Surround sound from such a neat & tidy little box. We love it. Another excellent product from Bose.
Recently picked this item up and have to say it is super easy to setup and use. Plug it in, pop in your phone and bingo, great sounding music.
Bought this for my 12yr. son in 2010. Outstanding build quality, portability and of course the sound is incredible.
I bought a set of noise canceling buds and had them a year they broke from using them at the gym.. Took them to a Bose store No bill 2-3 days past the years warranty .. They look at them looked up the serial number and gave me a new set no questions .. WHAT A Stand Up Company ..
Just received this speaker as a gift for my bday, what an amazing sounds out of that little box! I love it, works flawlessly with my streaming audio.
I probably wouldn't have bought them had they not been on sale, but I sure am glad that they were.  They are well made and sound simply great, plus I am a Celtics fan.   If these headphones sound this good I can only imagine what other JBLs must be like.  I am extremely satisfied.
I bought them on Samsung and loved the sound. Unfortunately I have turn them back because they were too heavy and loose for me. I have an small head and felt it uncomfortable.Also they were too bulky, but sound was great. Design is awkwardly.
I bought these in Bose store in Glasgow they were cheaper on web but staff said they would match price . The headset I works perfectly with my Ipad Air no issues would certainly recommend them great clarity
This lil guy is amazing... the sound quality is superb for such a portable package...it is everything and more for what I wanted.
Very full, rich sound coming from a little bitty box. Quite impressive. I am very happy with it so far.
Brought 6# pairs for Xmas gifts.order 2 pairs to check out.charge up and paring to phone and pad a piece of cake,nice sound and good bass,once check out i order the rest, good price and free shiping, great gifts.fast delivery,you can't go wrong.
Really pleased with this little speaker, great sound for such a small portable device, perfect for the garden, kitchen and bathroom. Eben listening to music from it now while on holiday.
+ Good sound quality , Price for bluetooth headphones , fit perfectly around my ears ^_^ . - not very fredly for first time user's , I would never be able to set it up without guide.
Ordered unit not expecting much, due to the size. Was I pleased. The sound is a surround sound. We have no room for surround sound speakers. The SR 2000 does the trick, takes our movies and tv shows move to another level.
Fell off my motorcycle and still works. Great sound and endless possibilities to use this speaker. Will forever love JBL.
I have had this for a few months now and it is our go to speaker. We put it on in the kitchen and can hear it throughout the house. It's also great for the nights we're outside grilling and swimming.
These speakers are awesome. They sound as good if not better than many speakers priced well above them. They fill up a medium-sized room very nicely, however they work best in a home theater system.
Excellent sounding and great features.  It seriously needs a snooze button on top of the unit.  The remote is fine for everything else.  But please add some buttons!!!!!
I was expecting this feature long time ago...ir is great to have it now! what about noise reduction?
Cool headphones really like them.Thanks to the battery I could use them all day wirelessly. Clear,crystal sound with strong bass.
Iv'e had this since before Christmas and me and the kids love it especially when watching films. Great value for money.
Great sounding speaker!  They are very tight and full sounding.  I put these in the front doors and a set of 690s in the rear deck.  The sound is very pleasing; no harsness, great balance, would definately reccomend.
I took a chance on these after reading a very convincing comparison on wirecutter and so far they have lived up to the hype.I would like to cut the cord and go Bluetooth, but for $30 that can I can live with these for now.
The size is so small but the sound is huge and clear than I expected!!! I’m going to buy one more for my husband.
I love music and with these headsets, its like into a new music world. Battery is amazing. Noise Cancellation works very good.
Great piece of equipment.  Easy to hook up and use.  If only XM had 5.1 surround sound, this would be just about perfect.  Perfect for people who dont have an integrated tuner in there audio equipment.
These speakers sound good.  I was expecting speakers that would not sound good wihtout a subwoofer, I'm impressed. Even without turning my sub on these sopeaker fill the whole room with sound, very clear too.
Awesome grin inducing sound. Worth every penny. Simple connections and set up. Very very pleased with this system and cannot recommend it highly enough.
The classic look with the outstanding sound is the perfect combination. I am so happy with the timeless look of these speakers, they fit right into my decor. The sound is amazing. It is crisp and clear and fills my office space perfectly. Kudos to Polk!
Love the colours and my son loved decorating them with the free stickers. So easy to set up my son was able to use straight away. Good sound quality and easy to use. They are well made and very comfortable to wear fantastic product
Smaller than I thought, but pleasantly surprised at sound and ease of set up and use .  For the price all good
Use this every morning while getting ready (use iPhone 5 w-Pandora)....very stable connection, easy to use, and great sound quality. Enjoyed it so much I gave my 70 year old mother one for her birthday.....she love's it too!!!
My wife and I have been very impressed by the XRt12 tuner.  It was very easy to set up and produces a pure crisp sound quality that both of us enjoy very much.  We would recommend the XRt12 to anyone contemplating an in-home satellite radio installation.
Bought the JBL Go as a late stocking stuffer for my girls.  The price pulled me in, but once they opened and used the speakers, I was surprised with the quality of sound and the functionality of the speaker.  So much so, I went back and bought one for myself to have around.
when i tried this soundbar in the pc richards store it sound amazing i took it home blew my mind  this soundbar sounds so clear you don't need any other speaker. trust me...
Please demo these with Mumford and Sons 'Home'. Must be heard to be believed. Place the Bose Soundlink Mini in a small square section of a cupboard 1 or 2 foot cubed, and this increases the lower-end tonality dramatically. If the battery life was increased to say 10 hours, it would be a 5.
Just purchased and the best sound quality, noise cancelling, and comfort of any headphones out there.
I have really tall ceilings.  I mounted them on the wall eleven feet in the air and they sound like they are pointing at me anywhere in the room.  They sound tight and crisp even at high volume.  I think these are my favorite speakers I own.
I just got mine 9/22/17 took my time to install actually read manual. These replaced my Bose speakers. The difference between night and day. If you’re looking for awesome surround these are audio file quality.
Needed something small for work. Since they banned us from playing music too loud. And It looks like this one is going to be ok.
I bought these earbuds yesterday and so far I’m extremely impressed! The sound is incredible as you’ve come to expect from Bose. My two favorite features so far is the fact the case itself doubles as a normal case to store them but, they also charge themselves
I am very pleased with the sound an looks of my Wave system III. It is just the unit I have been looking for.
Way way way better than my Bose and Samsung soundbar. Affordable and easy to set up. No issues with wireless soundbar syncing. I LOVE the voice volume control.
It is the best one in this price range. One will wonder how come such a small box can give such amazing sound quality. I am also planning to take this with me in my travels and adventures.
I just bought this today and I have to say this speaker is WAY BETTER than the beats pill and its really cheap! This thing doesn't disappoint!!
Sub and speakers are great!! The only thing that kept it from 5 stars is the not so easy wall mounts! Wall mounting should not be this complicated .
I purchased this speaker system in October of 2002.  When I first listened to this particular system it blew me away...I was very impressed....and the price was right...899.00
i gotta say.. nothing can prepare you for the quality and the comfort of k 701. it's worth every penny:) but this speakers deserv much more then just mp3 formats.. everthing comes together when you play cd's in the livingroom.. truly a real masterpiece:)
I have a pair of K612 Pro headphones so I was hoping the AKG earphones sounded as good. They do. very rich and bright with a strong bass. I suppose the N40s are even better but at this price I don't think you will find a better sounding in-ear earphones
Has great sound! Very clear sound with smooth bass. Love Bose and customer for life! Products are awesome have the surround sound and the smaller wave etc. Highly recommend!
THIS SET OF BOOKSHELFS WORK WELL FOR MY MAIN 2 FRONT SPEAKERS.  I HAVE THESE WITH THE 100 WATT POLK SUB.
Solid build, solid sound! Attached it to the handlebars of my motorcycle and can still hear clearly at 40mph with helmet on best small speaker I've ever bought and very nicely priced for the quality.
Besides the price, these headphones are the best that i have ever tried and i am so glad that i bought them
With limited choices for a dash speaker, these sounded far and above the best!  Excellent sound quality, and good wattage capability!
Been using this for couple of years. They are good. Also gifted a few to my family and friends and they love it .
great amp. i have it running a 10" SR-DVC at 2ohms. it rund strong and cool. it is great to see polk with an amp that can show off the sr subs.
I have 5 of these microphones that I use with field recorders in the video production business. They work extremely well and have solved many of our audio problems. I don't know about compatibility problems with some equipment, but for me, this is a great product
I had a chance to try them and I was really impressed with the quality, size and weight of them. The tapping to shut down the noise cancelling is awesome. This headset is going to be the new standard in the cockpit.
Picked these babies up for **** each at employee discount (be jealous).  Simly amazing sound quality. Greaty range and clarity, bass is amazing, highs are crystal clear.
The CSi A6 is an excellent center channel speaker, it matches perfectly to the RTi A9 towers in both appearance and sound. It's a great value and sounds as good if not better than CC's I've listened too at a higher cost. Polk Audio does a great job with speakers.
I bought these to replace my iPOD original earphones cause i dont like their quality and dont have any kind of bass. After using them,i was instantly surprised with the superior sound quality and bass,and for the price, i couldnt ask for more. Really great,highly recomended!! \m/
Just bought this CSi40 for my front center channel speaker and moved the CS300 to the rear for my 6.1 system. Wow! what a difference. Hurry up and go get one of these. I paid a close out price of $279 with free interest for a year. Nice bonus,eh?
Absolutely love my AM 10 speakers! In my view Bose makes the best speakers/headphones out there and they are the only speakers we buy at my house. :-)
Im happy i bought and its my favorite team i use it everyday and would love another one thats louder
Gave these to my boy friend as a gift and he loves them and says they work, fit, feel, and sound great! A much cheaper and better alternative to some of the bigger name brand headphones...
I love these mossy oak JBL. I have purchased all kinds of earphones and these are the best. They have the best sound that I have heard. After letting family  members listen with them, I have purchased more so they have their own. The best!!!
this is one of the best headphones that i ever used!!! their comfort and design are great and beautiful highly recommended!!!!!
I love everything about the headphones except the sound, the sound really isnt that loud but still a steady and smooth sound even though its not that loud
These headphones which I got about a month ago have been amazing, they are clear and reproduce sound without harshness at higher volumes(after the first week of using them) and are very comfortable despite being quite heavy compared to other headphones
I bought this due to my QC15 was broken.  I just received it today.  It sounds better than QC15, especially when I listen to jazz.
Bought nearly two months ago and have nothing to complain about. Great noise cancelling and comfortable fit.
This sound systems works very well for working out in the gym. This replaced our older surround system eliminating all those wires. Love it  One note though is the amount of glue used to hold the sticker on. What is good to lean it off notice I still have my sticker on because of it.
Bought this for my husband for Christmas and have not been disappointed. We have a very large lounge and the quality of sound from this is superb. Thank you Bose.
I bought these for my girlfriends birthday to watch her pad before bed. She loves them great quality sound. I went with jbl because I've always known them to be good sound from years ago when I was 18 out clubbing these are the speakers clubs used
These are the best speakers Ive evered owned. Sound quality is fantastic. These speakers sound very clean and clear. Im using a cheap amp and they still sound great. I would recommend these speakers to anyone.
I bought it about 3-4 months ago and think it sounds great. I like how I can only use my phone to turn it in with Bluetooth and it starts playing music after a few seconds. The mounting on the back will work, but is a little flimsy.
Really good, loud for its size, great sound quality, completely water proof makes it perfect for anything
I got them a few months ago looking forward to work in the office without being disturbed by surrounding noise. It worked and when I fly and use them I thank God QC25 are with me.
I was absolutely astonished at how much sound i got with how little money i paid for these headphones! They are amazing, you get a performance and quality of more expensive headphones, for much lower price!!! A must buy for everyone!
I've had several of these headphones because I like them so much. I have a set in my vehicle, at my home, and I use them in my band for in-ear monitors. They sound great, have great bass response, and I'm very happy I bought them.
Wow... these things pound! Got me into a car club - Midwest Hitters, holla! Once I get an amp that can take these to their full potential I will be entering competitions.
Nice sound, but was not aware that there were two different headphones. One for android devices and another for iPhone devices. Need more bass but other than that 4 stars.
Lucky to get this for my birthday having got through several cheaper similar types. So far could not be more impressed, clear and loud as I want. Connection really easy and reliable. Pricey but quality shows.
What a fantastic speaker! Highs and lows are superb, but what else would you expect from JBL. Good battery life. Well worth every penny.
Totally amazing, I have a wide ranging CD collection from Opera to Dance and all sound awesome, can't get my head round how such a big sound can come from such a small unit, bass is unbelievable, well worth the money.
I got this pair as a birthday present 2 years ago and I love them ever since. The over the ears cup ensures that sound quality is not compromised. The sound quality certainly beats all the in ear or on ear earphones and headphones I have owned.
I finally installed these little guys on my walls. Not only do they sound amazing but they also look great on the walls. I hooked them to my Denon A/V Receiver and films like Saving Private Ryan come alive. The realism is scary.
I just bought the black and mint around ears and they are great! I love listening to music on them and they have great style which my friends all love once they saw I got them. Well done Bose!
very good sound, isolate very well (except for some feedback through the cables), stay put during work outs, good sensitivity. Second best earphone I've ever heard. definitely worth the price. Better than the sports senhiesers. highly recommended.
I was sooooo happy with this speaker, paired with my iphone when I first bought it, but, now my son can pair with the Bose and I cannot, is there a guide to the iphone features that is preventing it, I have tried bluetooth settings several times
Installed into 2007 Avalanche rear doors, best investment I have made.  The sound quality over factory is night and day.
I bought two sets of these and put them in a fiberglass enclosure on my wakeboard tower. These things are loud. Im pushing just over 100 watts per speaker and they sound great.
I've got that as birthday present and now I use it every day! Never at max volume because it's very powerful!
I have mine in the back seat of a 1964 Pontiac. Love this unit as it fills my Classic with such sound. My old am radio just can not compete!  Great engineering, great sound!!
The sound quality on these things is unbelievable and very 'neutral' which is what one seeks when looking for studio headphones, the price is a complete bargain I would easily pay $400+ for these.
Not only does this speak sound amazing but I was able to link it to a friends JBL and they both played from my play list and just using the two speakers was enough for our small party! I want to buy another just for this reason alone!
These subs are the best.  I have been through 10 sets of different subs this year.  These are 5 times smoother than the DB's.  I have out beat 2 15s and out beat 3 12" Kickers with only 2 of the MOMOs.  Im running one of my old DBs now too.  Polk is #1!!!!!!!!!
I use these headphones strictly working out and love them! Although the size is a lot bigger than most in ear buds, you eventually get over it since it doesn't affect the fitment as much. Overall, I am very impressed and glad they made this high quality product!
It is a great product. connected it. it gave me an update which happened over the air. connects with bluetooth so i could listen to any song that i want. Would be great if there was support of Gaana+ on the sound touch app but bluetoth saves the day.
Comfortable and stay in place even on long sweaty runs, excellent sound quality as well all at a very fair price
I have to carry two cell phone and this Bose can work with 2 at a time, it's amazing the possibility to ajust noise cancelled  One bad thing, it would ni nice to add an audio female connector to use on plane !
An American friend had bought one of these black boxes and raved about it. I bought one to see if I agreed. I do! Broad deep sound across the spectrum and head and shoulders above the built in speakers in the TV. Need to remember to turn off TV sound for best results.
Sometimes a little buggy and has to be reset by plugging in and holding the magic button, but otherwise great.
Amazing sound quality on rock music, extremely tight and clean on higher notes also  If played too loudly however it distorts, if you plan on listening to rap but still want the tightness of a 10 go for atleast 2 of these
Finally broke and bought the Wave IV. Wish I had done it sooner. I love it. The sound is incredible. Been listening to CDs all evening. Unbelievable how good my CDs and radio sounds.
Best set of headphones I've ever used. They're so good my teenager uses them in public even though they aren't the 'teen brand'.
This sub is amazing let me tell you. i got a alpine 750 watt amp running 350 rms hooked up to this (db1212) and i get noticed were ever i go... theres no doubt the cops can here me, trust me with that i got a ticket =) Polk Audio made sub we all need... 11/10 guys great job on this one
This is a really cool speaker, literally just bought it, sounds great.. LOUd, the colours are cool too..... BUT, i have a Windows Phone and Windows 8 devices... any chance apps will be coming for this?...  otherwise, its literally not useful for me.. sadly
Theses things arte monsters! They are a little big and heavy but they sound fantastic and worth the bulky size in my opinion (which is the only one that counts, lol). They bounce of walls and fill up back stage great.
I love my speaker! It sounds and works great. I have had no problems with the bluetooth pairing. My phone was in a different room and no problems with the connection. Going to buy more as gifts!!
Very happy with 2.1 speakers rather than having a 5.1 with more cables everywhere Gives cinema experience base and quality
I've had this speaker for just two weeks and have been raving about it ever since. It's loud, clear and has rich tones.  I got it on sale for $20. The best value EVER!
People it's a dock your suppose to put your iPhone on it it's not wireless or have a remote just for that reason just be happy you got it. Worlds best sound system in the world.
i got these for christmas they may be a little pricey but there worth it they made me never want to use wired headphones ever again.
These are the best period. I recently got 2 of these and they hit harder and cleaner than audiobahn, infinity, and bazooka put together. The sound quality is excellent. Anyone who says different is nothing but bull.
Pretty much have, or have had Bose speaker and headphones for more that 10 years.  These are great for cycling, running and the gym. Even though they're not noise counseling like the QuietComfort 30, they still block out a lot of sound around you.  All around excellent so far!
What a steal. ....purchased these last week at less than 1/4 cost with free shipping. My new favorites ear buds. Should've ordered more
This is a great speaker, I have it set up with monitor 70's for the front and monitor 50's in the rear, along with the PSW10 sub.  It's all powered by a Denon 7.1 85watt amp and I have to say it sounds amazing.
Bought this for my girlfriend to take with her to Belize, and she was on CLOUD NINE with it!!! And, as they say, If momma ain't happy, nobody's happy!!!!! Lol
Note i`m giving five stars. If these DXI650`s are any thing like the polk 5x7`s I just brought i`m in for a wonderful listening experience replacing factory system in my 99 Silverado more to come.
These should NEVER have been put down like a old horse. I really hope Polk comes out with something in the future, 707's are great, but what about the cars guys. I'm temped to cut apart the 703's, and build the SR's out of them.
Its not quite what I expected but its giving me some great new options for new sounds... I definitely dig it and for the price you can't beat it !!!
Appearance , sound quality are just what i wanted, excellet.This is one of my best purchases,sit back and enjoy your new speaker.
The JBL Charge 3 is made to enjoy it in full power, outdoors, its water resistance makes it more fun :)
Bought for son to travel with. Sounds so clear and loud for such a small speaker and best part not distorted.  Thanks JBL
Just received my Sleepbuds and I am enjoying them very much.  Great not having headset wires connected to my phone all night.   I can't wait until they add more sounds.  Would be great if they would be able to get the sounds from the White Noise app on iTUNEs their sounds are great.
EXCELLENT SOUND QUALITY THE SPEKAR NOT HAVE MUCH SPACE IN ROOM I ALWAYS RECOMMEND IT HEY PEOPLE WHEN YOU ARE PURCHASE IT YOU WILL LOVE TI
We purchased this wave radio W- multi changer for christmas. We love the sound so much we are getting ready to buy a second one for the bedroom!! Hesitated for awhile because of price but found out its worth every penny!!
When you know audio-when you LOVE audio, you choose Bose. Uncompromising in sound quality, build quality, and engineering. Like all our other Bose choices purchased, these are the best!(FYI-our dog has her bed snuggled up to the Bose sub attached to our home entertainment center! Smart dog!)
Was worried about them falling out , due to price tag !! Not ever been an issue , comfy safe and fabulous sound. Never any connection issues . If you like your music , without the wires these are the ones for you
the sound trure have amazzzzing bass vary detailed sound these headphones are not only cheper but they are also have better sound qulity and are much more comferterble with bose your paying for sound qulity not for a stuiped name
Enjoying the quality of sound, battery last a little longer depending on the volume.... I really like this unint
Absolutely fabulous, got a pair of these for my kid for running, as the old ones kept falling out. Problem solved, comfy, great sound and excellent value. Had a little sneaky test and was impressed enough to buy another pair for myself.
Very surprised at the sound quality and volume from this little speaker. Also charges very fast and has excellent run time. I keep one in my tool bag at work.
worth every penny! for those who just want to tune out the world for the few min or hours in a car-bus-train-airplane... this is it!
I have not used this speaker a lot yet,  but Now i own 2 JBL speakers (Xtreme and this one) and they work smoothly and have good sound quality at a reasonable price.
Absolutely delighted, in fact amazed at the sound quality.  So impressed I've purchased additional BOSE equipment for other rooms to enjoy my experience, it is that good.
The no tangle magnetic back and flat wire are almost as awesome as the easy in super comfy ear tips and super sound. Hopefully durability will excell as well? To be continued
I bought this item before Christmas, I love music, and all I can say is OMG, Crystal clear sounds,  I dive into every song, I am a member of Wonderful Sirius, OMG so AWESOME!!!  Love my set. you go Bose!!!  I got your back.
this are my first noise canceling headphones, and i am really impressed with it, when i sit with it in the bus i don't have to suffer anymore the noise that is getting over the music while still maintaining a normal volume of the music.  also i love the material of the headphones very nice.
They are perfect, they fit super well and the sound quality is impressive for in ear headphones. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a good pair of in ear headphones in which they can not worry about cords or other annoying things.
I've had one of these connected to my TV for years, and the sound quality is just incredible. Par for the course for Bose. Couldn't recommend it enough.
I have been listening to my SoundLink Color 2 for 7 months and recently connected to my Echo Dot. WOW....Sounds Fantastic and the music is so clean,treble is crisp,Bass is good too. I recently customized it by covering parts in soft high end leather! It looks so Rich and Expensive!
These speakers replaced a much larger set from the 90s and I couldn't beleive how a speaker this size would improve my listening experience.
I am enjoying my SoundTouch30 and SoundTouch20.  I especially like having preset buttons for easy access to my favorite stations.  One option that would make this even better would be a wake-up alarm similar to what the Sonos players have. Other than that, all is peachy!
Its is a fantastic product. Didn't expect this much of quality. Fantastic Bass and Surround. Bluetooth Streaming is beautiful from Laptop and iPhone. Go for it and never go for a second thought.
I love these earbuds. I got them for Christmas and I forgot them in my pocket while my pants went through the washer machine. I tested them out and they work perfectly! I've also accidentally fully submerged them in water and they still work!
I am giving it 5 stars for what it is... a super compact, high quality, decent sounding portable Bluetooth speaker for its price. I got it at 50% off msrp so if I had paid full price, I would have knocked a star off.
This is definitely  a great improvement over the  flip 3 with bass reaching deeper and clearer highs than the flip 3. My favorite  new feature  is jbl connect plus , i cannot wait to test it out when i get more jbl flip 4's
you only need 1 of these monsters, they play loud and clear and they can dive deep. i strongly recomend these subs to any 1 who wants clean and clear bass, well done polk. hook it up with a good amp and then you will see.
Nice subwoofer! just bought that today, to replace my 8inches sony boomer and i'm so surprised of the low frequencies it can develops on films and music... the floor just wants to unscrew!
Sony STR-DH520 + Polk RM705 sub/satellites + 2 Monitor 50's = Sonic perfection!!!  I cannot fathom a better sounding set up.
I recently purchased this bar to install in my new RV and was completely satisfied with its performance! Size is perfect for the RV and the connectivity makes listening to my tunes easy!
I live on a small sailboat. I have two pair mounted in the extreme corners of my cabin driven through a splitter. I can tune the system to make the speakers disappear and have my music floating in space for complete sensory enjoyment. I simply love them. Thanks Dr. Bose
These are the best speakers I have ever owned. Absolute best value for hard earned money. I love them.
I LOVE these earphones! I have abnormally small ears and these are the ONLY pair or earphone that fit in my ears without make my ears sore. They also sound incredible. I don't know what I would do without them.
I bought this speaker to stream music from my iPhone and it sounds great. Plus I can take it anywhere and the battery life seems exceptional
I love this speaker, it looks cool, works good and the sound is high quality. I highly recommend it.
if your thinking of paying $350 for the Klipsch sub,,,,,Dont buy this one..........its just as good..it sounds amazing and realistic and clean.
I bought Q35 few weeks back and in hindsight, it was one of the best decisions that I have made. I took it on my flight home (India) and the headphone was a real lifesaver. The headphone completely (95%) canceled the howling noise inside the cabin and enjoy the flight with peaceful andf
Nice unit, great sound. It would be nice if there are adapters for older iPod devices with the 30 pin connection. Not everyone needs to upgrade to the newest and best when their old iPod is still working. For the price, a travel case would be nice as well, or at least a bag.
I have had these speakers for 8 years -  go no further to research which outdoor speakers to buy. These are clear at ANY volume. Winter, summer, they are built to last.
I love how this speaker is easy to pack, take outdoors/indoors anywhere, and the sound quality from my iPhone!!
I bought this 1 week ago and I'm so happy! I use them in the gym and in the office ... at all times! It was a very good choice ..
I use my Sound Link with my IPad and never cease to be astonished by the quality of the sound. On a driving trip to Italy recently I used it in the car linked to the IPad and Sat Nav. Worked a treat with the sat nav over riding the music when instructions were needed. Best purchase for a long time.
I've had these nearly a year now and they are a fabulous piece of kit. No more wires and the sound quality is awesome. The only down side is the restriction on the sound volume, sometimes I want the sound to be a lot higher than is possible. But I guess thats a sign of the times......
These are all the best earbuds you may have. Great sound and great design.  It would be great if these ones could be used on videogame consoles such as playstation 4 or xbox due to its great capabilities
A good quality product that lived up to expectations could do a slight improvement on Sound quality bit muddy on the lower overall a good sound great for general listening and would definitely recommend to any other customers.
I love these speakers! I bought a pair to replace the ones in my front doors that blew a year or so ago. The sound is such a huge improvement, and the bass is fantastic. I can't wait to replace the rear speakers as well!
5 stars for a model that you can swim with, and sauna / steam room with (although I have tried the latter, and seems to work ok). Would love to have buds while swimming.
These headphone are definitely worth your money. These have great sound cancellation and sound quality. I didn't expect such good quality headphones seeing I didn't quite like other headphones at this price.
I fell asleep with this on. I laid down listening to music, asked my house AI to set a timer, then I slept.
Used for over 1 month, got on sale. So for its price, it is definitely better than the headphone you got from the iPhone 6. The sound is much richer, full body and I use it all the time now.
I bought my first Bose Wave 6 or more years ago. Very happy with it. I prefer the top controls. I would like to buy another, but I would like to be able to bluetooth it to my other speakers. I can't believe Bose doesn't have this as a feature. Everyone else does.
Don't let the price fool you! These are audiophile sperkers.  Their sound is clear, open, and natural with great dynamics.  They are pleasing to look at and very well made. I have owned bookshelf speakers from AR, KEF, B&W, and Boston Acoustics, and these Polks are easily the best of the bunch.
I've had my speakers for 6 years now and they still sound as good as the day I bought them.  It would be great if Bose did a refresh and added blue tooth to sync up to my Surface Pro.  Seems like all the newer computers these days are cutting down on the number of USB ports which is a pain.
unbelievable the bass this subwoofer puts out id recommend a sealed enclosure for this sub. i would at least run a 800 watt amplifier to it also.
I've had my wave music system since 2012... Now and every time i turn it on it's like the first time i fell in love with Music. Great buy!!!!
Amazing product, great sound quality and the light show keeps you engaged in working out . Only ? I purchased to for  my fitness studio and can't seem to get them both to work at the same time. What to do?
My wife and I use them when travelling on our motorcycle. They are the best way to listen while riding, since all the road noise just disappears, and what you hear is crystal clear sound. There is no sound system for the motorcycle that can match it, at any price.
Received the jbl link 300 today. Quick easy setup excellent sound quality just like other jbl products I own the googLe assistant feature is very useful it can pick up on commands from the entry way roughly 20 feet away. I am very satisfied with this unit
I bout this only a week ago and it is definitely worth the money. the sound quality sounds like it is a huge speaker!! great bass
have had my Potable Soundock for over 5 years and was looking for another one, I tried the SoundLink but was not satisfied with the sound and I returned it.   I will look for a used Potable SoundDock hoping that Bose will bring back a unit that will match the Portable SoundDock.
Like the product, have only used a couple of times so far. One caveat, Target advertised as everyday price less than week later, at 5+ dollars less . We bought two pairs so .
Awesome Speakers!!!! WOW!!! I have never heard Bookshelf Speakers the sound as good as these do. It is incredible that 5 1/4" speakers could sound so vibrant. I turned my sub off to see what these speakers could do. I had to take a double check to see if my sub was off. Great Job Polk!!
This is a great addition to my TV..great crisp sound,this is one of many bose systems I have and it's as good as I expected,and better than a few well known soundbarswww my friends have
I bought this because i thought they were the best headphones i could get and i was completely right.
These are now my best headphones and easily surpass the performance of my Bose and AKG headphones for home or travel listening
Have owned the cs350 going on 8 years now and it produces great sound just like it did when I bought it new!  Smooth sound and makes the transition from left, centre to right seemless!  Can't ask for a better speaker.
Fits great in my ears, and is great for the price.  Sound is well above-average and better than the iphone ipods they're replacing.
I bought mine this Saturday, and used them on a 5K run the day before,   and they  were perfect,  fit and feel great,  we had a small rain during the run and they keep going,  the sound  is great, everything so far is excellent, Thanks
I was hesitant to buy given the price! Definitely glad I did! Have made the work environment much more peaceful and flights a breeze!
This system is the most incredible, reliable piece of equipment I have ever owned! Have had it over 20 years...it plays K-Love 24-7. Never a miss. Clock is accurate and dependable. Can't say enough about this awesome system. Twenty- plus years of awesome service... Bose, you rock!
These headphones are amazing, but there is distortion in the left ear every now and then. also, it won't work with PC through Bluetooth. JBL please fix this!
Bass is next level, very clear sound, aesthetically pleasing. Brilliant for the outdoors, very loud as well.
Bought this sound bar right before Thanksgiving and so so glad we did. It sounds awesome, and love that your able to Bluetooth to your phone and play your music Took a little while to hook up but once we figured out what we was doing it was good.. Don't have no popping noise here. So glad
my wife bought this for me and my chin hit the floor when fist heard the sound can't stop listening to my music !!
Great rugged little speaker, in a handsome package. Very reasonably priced for what you get. Great sound with surprisingly strong base.  Love the waterproofness, never having to worry if it falls into the pool.
I have had the pair of speakes for 2 months so cool .. they link up with the sound touch 30 so well .. and i got the sound touch wirerless so i have 5 speakes running and the hole thing is the best.. two of them are lgs sound bar and bass works just great
I bought it 3 months ago, sound quality very good, bass quality is also very good. Good exterior design, but the manufacturing quality is bad, I used it about 3 months, left and right sides of the AKG logo faded. In addition to manufacturing quality, in general, this a good product.
The overalldesign and sound quality is superb and very compact sound system. I would recommand this product to all the music lovers.
Great sound quality for the price.  Build quality is solid and handsome.  I've put this center channel through some rough testing and its passed in flying colors everytime.  Awesome product for the price.
I bought 2 of these as gifts for my family but know that I tried them out i definitely want some to put throughout the house. Because you can sink them together. I really recommend these.
I set this up on a corner desk around the big monitor, this is outstanding. Speakers are solid and heavy and sound like Polks always have. The sub is a great size for a small room, not overpowering but Bass a'plenty. A reasonably priced receiver will do these speakers justice.
Price is good for the quality, you can find a lot of choice of color, I took the the blue for my girlfirend and she was surprised by the good sound. I recommanded
Bought more than a year ago. First connected to a Marantz PM5005 amp and now connected to Marantz Melody stream(MCR510) Excellent sound quality. Only draw back is it is bit fiddly to connect the cables into the terminals.
I bought on new year, after getting its demo I couldn’t resist myself to buy Bose 300 sound bar and bass. I never had such brilliant experience of sound at home very much similar to theatre. Perfect buy.
I bought these for my kids and i ended up taking 1 pair (i ordered 2) so i can lay in bed and watch movies off netflix while my husband is sleeping. They are comfortable and no one else can hear what you are listening to which is perfect for my husband who is a very light sleeper.
Bought these little beauties in Dec 2015 by far the best headphones I've ever owned superb sound and comfortable to wear enough said. Top product
Excellent quality and great price. Bought these for my son.  He wanted a very expensive pair of headphones and now he’s very happy with these.  Happy son, happy parents!
We have a JBL Flip 3 and love it.  We purchased the JBL Flip 4, as a gift for our daughter in law and she loves it.  Great sound. Nice color choices. Portable.  The Perfect gift.
I just put one of these 10"s in my Volkswagen Golf, with a stock head unit and they bump like crazy. I didn't think it would be this loud.  Best sub I have heard so far.
wish you would of gone one step further for the cord to be included in the housing. i'm taking it with me on trips & now have to pack my charger separately?????? Bose you're usually thought of all the details but failed to do so with this product.
was given one as a gift and it was lost in hurricane Harvey, this is the replacement and it is better than the one before(its now water proof) YEAH
It's awesome... The sound is very crips and clean... Bass is excellent.... I wish it was louder... Lol... But it's awesome... Turn it all the way up without no distortion at all... Hiahly recommended
all i can say are these subs are awsome! circuit city is deleting them i got mine for 65 dollars. thats been a hell of a deal
Low self-noise, nearly flat frequency response, good sensitivity, with a rugged and durable housing at a very affordable price. Definitely one of the best performer in its class and price range that I actually have two of them in my 100+ personal microphone arsenal.
I bought this to enable me to have a speaker in my vehicle as my phone did not have the 1/4 inch regular jack. I have been very satisfied with it. ONly there are time when my iPhone will not connect to it.
This is the better one of the 2 solo having had both this is the better one sound is fantastic and the remote easy to set up and use
We the new upgrade on JBL connect once you upgrade your charge 3 one now have to option to to off that lound noise it makes when you turn on or off the device making the product 10 times better.
I had these for almost a year and I worked them to death,  literally.  I went and got a new pair (get the warranty at BestBuy). They stay in your ear and the sound quality is awesome.  The app lets you play your music with multiple devices asst the same time.
Works great with the TV and smart phone ! The technical support department was very helpful with the TV settings that needed to be changed
Bought these and have to say they are simply awesome. the sound is crystal clear and the bass amazing! when i first plugged one speaker in my friend couldn't believe it was just one speaker putting out that much sound!
Just being able to do a workout, run on a treadmill or sit on a stationary bike. With no tangles. I will NEVER miss cords.
I bougth these for my cousin!!! And exelen price!!! Have mamy JBL speaker!!! JBL the best product and best prices!!! Better than bose and Sony and many others!!!
Bought this speaker to use at work. Very lightweight. Good sound and just an all out amazing speaker. Would recommend to anyone looling for something small.
Very pleased with the performance of these speakers. Excellent clarity, quality, nice bass output. Hard to beat for it's price!
the ambient control is a plus I really liked how much sound you can allow from the environment around and I can talk to a person next to me without ever taking off the headphones.
The PSW10 is enough of a subwoofer for my needs.  The space I have for home theater is very limited.  Adjusting the volume per the instructions blends this new addition into my speaker array very nicely. Soundbar? Not on my 60-inch LED.  I am ecstatic!
bought this 6 months ago bluetoothed it to my i pad ,what a brilliant sound,played christmas carols anywhere in the house,now the weather is better play music in my garden.
Great earphones for the price and it includes a year membership for MapMyFitness MVP.  Only a couple of things that have not figure out yet.  How to make a call hand free (using an iPhone) and getting an error when trying to upgrade to MVP with the code.
Dramatically deep, powerful bass and sound from such a small, compact speaker. Great indoors and outdoors with a very long battery life. Glad I bought it
Ive had this product for 1 year and it still sounds like day 1. Awesome sound quality and is very durable!!
i went from a psw 100, to a psw 404. i have only had it a week. i love it for HT and music. my psw 100 was worn out after 9 years.i hope i can get a long hall out of this one
Sound quality is superb to rivals, love the features these offer. Would highly recommend to everyone looking for great sound quality. JBL #1
The audio quality is excellent. This was my first JBL product and it sure impressed me. I have already ordered some JBL speakers. I love JBL
My Grandfather installed this shortly before giving me his older car, it sounds great and i am very impressed with the whole system.
Purchased the QC25 full Head Headphone's; So impressed had to have the these as well. Now I listen to my music in the gym.
Bought 4 speakers...and these slim, modern looking guys fit the bill just right.  And they sound great!  Just be prepared to work with the supplier...the packaging is sorta poor and they get damaged easily during shipping.
My husband has always had a pair he loves them for his deployments. I do a lot of 5ks and let’s be honest I get into my music. My problem was all my headphones would fall off or out of my ears EXCEPT THESE!!!! Love how power up tells you battery percentage also.
I purchased the TL-150 (4 satellites and center) .. they are a great match for my Polk 100W sub I have now. Crisp mid's and highs.. any normal amp will not even hit their limits. Buy them now and you will have many friends giving you praises!
I am a drummer and have been looking for some headphones that could give me a faithful representation of my kit for so long. These do the job to say the least! Easy on the ears both sonically and with respect to comfort. Great price and nice touch with the removable/ replaceable cord.
Love this product. Took about three days to get used to them. Now can’t sleep without them. My husbands Snoring was ruining my life. I now get four times the sleep and feel so much better!
Bought this for my parents over the summer and they loved it!  Just picked one up for my husband and we are very happy.  We had a jbl that we love but decided to upgrade.  Great sound, excellent quality, love the light show!
I have mine for about 2 years now and they work as expected I don't know how some people don't like them but they are the best and the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn. I am definitely looking forward to buying another pair.
These headphones are a bargain.  The quality is excellent.  They fit nicely and hold a charge for a long time.  The bluetooth connection works well and I can roam around the house while leaving while leaving my phone in any room.  The sound quality is really good for the price.
i got this little speaker for my galaxy 4 cell phone and i could be any happier, it is amazing, sound unreal, the bass is amazing i just love it, i like my phone even more because of this little magic speaker thanks JBL you are the best
Just wanted to leave this note here. The speakers themselves are fine- but the price doesn't include what you need to mount them to the wall as shown in the product photos. Beware.
I actually won these from an airline. Great audio quality, looks very good, noise-canceling feature is excellent. The only thing that would have made it better for me is if it were wireless.
Best sound quality and battery life is amazing. I would recommend this unit to anyone who appreciates bass with their music.  Deep and clear sound from this unit and the price is unmatched.
Read few -ve comments abt the Bose app, I initially had some glitches, but now I don’t have any, the music I hear from any place of my apartment from this system is pretty much constant and gives the same feel. Doesn’t really make me feel like I am away from the system.
I received my pulse to From you all by winning a competion for Damian Lillard's #4BarFriday community. I love the colors, sound the Bluetooth! Splash proof it's the best speaker I've ever had! Thank you JBL.
It's very loud. The wireless connection is awesome. I could be in any room. It still plays from my phone. I live this item.
I bought these again when my previous pair got damaged in a move.  I like the sound.  I did not need Bluetooth so I was happy to find these online and the price was fantastic.
Used the 5040 for a new record and it was absolutely amazing! The intimacy of this mic is almost embarrassing. I believe it actually picked up some of the notes I was only thinking about singing. Best ever.
Got this to use with my mobile & spotify. The sound quality is fantastic, no buzz when max volume applied  and the features are excellent A++++
I bought this a month ago and it adds so much to a party, the lights really draw people to it and makes the music experience better. Great sound and easy to use
I use these for working out. They are incredible. They never fall out because I customized the fit to my ears. And the sound is incredible!
I was given the SoundLink for Fathers Day, I am 100% satisfied with the convenience of range for Bluetooth, price and mostly the incredible sound generated from a relatively small device. Upon hearing the quality of sound, three of my family members now own the SoundLink! We love Bose! ❤️
Love my Bose but really would like it if you added a USB port so I could play the music I have on Flashdrives (MP3).
Great subwoofer for the size!  Was very pleased with the performance from the get go, and made me a true fan of Polk Audio.  Never had big name speakers before until purchasing the W303 and CSi 3 center channel, my next floor speakers will be without a doubt Polk Audio.
Superb sound quality considering the size of the speaker. Can be quite loud when I use as for business presentation connected to my computer.  Very useful feature: microphone for phone calls
Its one of the best speakers. I had the flip 3 but this Jbl Xtreme is insane the bass is good and it gets loud i love it
These are the best in the world just got them they cancel all the outside noise great headphones Bose thx!!!
I brought this 2 weeks ago and they sound awesome. The bass is great and the quality is exceptional. Very impressed
I can't believe the quality of sound coming from that lattice box! I use on the deck, by the grill, background music in living room. Don't want to listen music without it.
Bought 2 recently from John Lewis, the staff were so pleasant and helpful. The system and speakers are brilliant. Excellent sound, beautiful design and a delight to use. We took some time and compared alternatives choosing the Bose sound touch system. We could not be more pleased
The speaker is very small and the sound is amazing! Just bought it today and don't stop using it! :)
I used this product for a month, the best feature is its camera with helps in lighting the LED's with wide variety of colour.
It's perfect for my 4 year old. She loves it and I don't have to worry about her listening her shows too loud, thanks to decibel control.
Love the color options! Purchased this for travel and pool needs. Impressive sound for its size and feels well made. Also love that it is IP7 water resistant, many memories will be had with this buddy!
Originaly purchased these in mid 80's. the system I had blows anything I have today.they have outlasted the intire system.ROCK ON POLK AUDIO,ROCK ON!
Incredible. These headphones made me realize that my laptop and cellphone had a sound imbalance that I had noticed over the last 6 years. I think that's testament enough of these headphone's solid quality. Looks are also definitely a plus.
I love my JBL amazing sound awsome clearity the prices are due able. Oh yea my Fav. Is the loudness Amazing
Bose continues to show it is a dependably superior product. My Bose Soundlink Color speaker excels. There are only a few companies that consistently delivers with outstanding service. Bose is one of them! I am not a salesman - just a happy consumer.
super center channel speaker even at high volume the sound is so clear and open just a wonderful speaker for the price it cant be beat..
I've had this for 6 months and it's the best portable speaker I have seen/heard. The sound quality is great and it looks great too (I have the white one). Can't fault it!
I am so happy with these headphones. The sound is so clear! No outside noise coming in. I will definately tell people how great they are
a stand out with other speakers of the same price and category; bold decision in incorporating that classy piano finnish (fabulous look and feel). If you wanted to stay low but still wanted to maintain the details just switch to spkr b using these pairs.
Sound quality is excellent and the battery life is absolutely great! Only reason it doesn’t get 5 stars is because it doesn’t go very loud. It does great blocking out other noise and he quality of the sound is there, just wish it would go a tad bit louder
I’ve had my headphones for about a month now and have used them extensively. I’ve used them indoors and outdoors. I’ve even worn them while working out, and the performance has surpassed my expectations. I am more than happy with the performance, battery life, as well as the price I paid ($40).
Extremely impressed with the 700!  Doesn’t come with wall mounts... buying Bose equipment is comparable to a fine steakhouse.
I find this to be one of the best wired in ear buds. I sleep with headphones on nightly. These are the ones I turn to time and time again because of the comfort. Would buy again.
It’s portable and with great sound quality. Holds its charge for hours and can be used for so many different devices
I bought this as a christmas gift for my 16 year old step son. He loves it. Very clear and nice sound.
This was my first pair of Bluetooth headphones. Connecting was a bit tricky at first but no problems now. Sound quality is good and they sit comfortably on my rather large head! Serves there purpose well.
Christmas present for family.   As a floor standing speaker and oversized shelf speaker snob, this portable product rivals those more expensive gems.  Must be a product of the year.  We will look back at this and regret not buying more when cheaper.  WOW!  Audiophiles can't deny.
I bought my ES250P in April and I love it. It's awesome! The low level bass is fantastic. I've been a fan of JBL for over a decade and they didn't disappoint with this powered subwoofer. To top it all off, I purchased mine, new, for 1/3 of the original price!
This speaker sounds amazing and works very well. Holds a good charge. Only complaint is the flimsiness of the charger. Doesn't keep a snug fit with the outlet.
I was looking for something to use every day at the gym as well as while I’m on calls  this is not the headset to use for calls
excellent, comfortable, amazing sounding headphones. plays back your music the way it is supposed to be heard. just wish the bass can be better!
I bought this 2 days ago to enjoy streaming music while sitting outside in the summer.  I LOVE IT!  Clear sound with rich quality.  Jazz never sound so good!
I love Bose products I have the Bose Quiet Comfort 15 headphones and today I bought the Soundlink Mini II and I must say that I knew this was the best decision , high quality sound you couldn't expect any less from a BOSE = HIGH QUALITY!!!
I bought theses when they first came out and they are the most comfortable headphones I've ever had love them
Bought these as just came out. Love them for running. Great sound. Perfect fit.  Listen through technology is neat except for windy day. The mic/s pic up wind noise on breezy day so hard to hear what friend is saying to you.  On calm day no issues!  Overall love them.
Bought them for Christmas they are great brilliant sound quality very comfortable,and even though they day for apple work spot on with android
Purchased these for my wife's birthday.  She loves these for both her phone and laptop.  Bluethooth paring was very easy.  Sound quality is excellent.
I bought these headphones because they would allow me to use them wireless when walking my dog. But they provide audiophile sound with the cable! These headphones really upped the listening experience. My MacBook Pro and and iPhone mate very well and the sound is musical.
I wanted a Bluetooth speaker, read the reviews and took a chance on a refurbished JBL Extreme for $129.  I am amazed by the clarity and strong bass.  The battery   lasts well over 20 hours at medium volume.  Very pleased!
I’ve had the JBL extreme for over year and had to buy another one.  Great sounding speaker good bass and super durable   I keep one of them in the bathroom because I like to listen to music while I’m in the shower I know that’s not the best environment for speaker but I’ve had no problems with it
Bought a refurbished series 1 Onyx studio.  Can’t believe how great this speaker is.  My dad loved it so much that he went out to B.B. and bought the series 3.
Just got these and they sound amazing!! I have the in-ear sport and on ear wireless headphones and when i received the email about these i had to try them out. Was looking for something wireless and lighter. Went to Bose Store to listen and purchased them on the spot. Nice job BOSE!!
Great sound!  I have two pairs in my extended cab Ford Ranger.  After hearing my factory speakers starting to crackle I bought these for their clean sound and solid bass for a speaker of this size.  Well worth the upgrade.
I absolutely adore my JBL speaker. I bought it almost 3 years ago and it still works as if it was brand new. Amazing brand and I will definitely be buying more!
Qc35's are truely fantastic in  noise reduction and comfort! But picking up calls on my iPhone 6+ is very troubling! If I do manage to pick up a call the sound quality  is not that great.
Great for doing chores outside without having to deal with wires getting in the way. Battery life is great too!
I bought these speakers a few months ago and they are fantastic! They are a great place to start building your audio setup and I have been sold on the studio 5 speakers simply because of the quality of sound coming from these speakers.
I bought this for a Christmas gift for two family members and they are loving it. Great sound, bass exactly what they needed.
I bought this about a week ago and it's been great. Surprisingly good sound, very easy to set up, very portable. No complaints.
Fairly pleased with these J88i's. Comfortable to wear clear mids and highs just wish there was more bass. Overall solid headphones though.
I got this speaker as a gift..It has the best sound, fits so I forget I have it on and really lets me "hear" my music.  I can wear at work while I am at computer, I love this  speaker!!
Looks expensive - until you hear the result. Superb sound from my TV now - on programs, but particularly classical music. Well worth the investment.
I bought these about 4 months ago because I hate the cords always getting on the way when I run. These are loud, clear and stay put. A little pricey but definitely worth the money!
I've had the jbl pulse for over a year now and it has never let me down. Always sounds good and looks amazing.
Best buy in a long time. Love the large sound from the small transportable speaker at a reasonable price
Excellent product with excellent sound! These headphones have very nice mids and highs. The bass is tight and controlled. They fit great and are comfortable. These headphones rate right up there with the JBL Synthesis system in my vehicle. Another quality product from JBL!
I bought the Flip4 prior to our lake vacation and use on the boat.  It's great and plenty loud!  It's also great in the golf cart if you like to listen while golfing.
I received it 3 weeks ago and have not find disadvantages. The sound is loud and clear for such a small thing. Quickly connected to mobile. The charge lasts for a long time. I received all I expected
I use these speakers for my Surface Pro 3 Tablet, they are portable and produce brilliant sound, the remote control is easy to use and very useful. I also have the BOSE Companion 3's and they match the sound quality with just a tiny bit less bass but excellent overall from such a small speaker.
I bought my RM600 here in Brazil, but I've never heard about polkaudio, and I'm enjoying it too much. It has a great sound and low cost.
Look good, excellent build quality. Great sound, sound isolation is brilliant, for example, sitting on the bus and I can't hear its noise or other people's conversation! Love the smart carry case. Perfect for an active lifestyle as the buds don't slip out of your ear.
I brought this headphones during cyber Monday. I’ve very impressed with the purchase, the sound quality is great. Only con is sometimes the can get rather lose around the ears reducing sound quality.
This speaker is great I use I on a daily basis and I had it for al most a year now and I like the clear sound quality and how such a small device can be so loud
I've got them for 3 months now, and never been this much satisfied before from a pair of headphones...
Bought for airline travel. Cancels out engines, other passengers, overhead announcements. Perfect without the wires. Long battery life is great for extended travel.
This is the gadget I didn't know I needed. I probably have 5 pairs of headphones. These get used the most. Everyone around me can't hear my music but I sure can! I use this everywhere I go even in the car as a handsfree device. Get them and thank me later.
Longtime fan of Bose products for the last 8 years.  I've had different versions of the Bose in ear headphones and picked these up today.  I am in LOVE!!!
One pair of each for his and hers, I love the pink!! The color is beautiful and the feel is amazing! Love the sound + Quincy is talking to my hear...so cool!!
I received this speaker last xmas and enjoy the sound BUT have had trouble with the charger connection and now won't charge at all --but over all its a great product --need to return this one
Bought them in Las Vegas (duty free) so they were cheaper than the UK, been after some for a while, well worth every the wait, noise reduction works a treat, much better than the intended ear bose I had before.
For $100, theres not much wrong with it, great for a budget setup. one day ill be able to afford a micropro...